25mm Grenade APW
25mm Grenade APW (GRA)
5.56mm Pistol
5.56mm Pistol (GRA)
Katana
Katana (GRA)
Battle Rifle
Battle Rifle (GRA)
Sleepytyme
Sleepytyme (GRA)
Esther
Esther (GRA)
Gehenna
Gehenna (GRA)
Bozar
Bozar (GRA)
Medicine Stick
Medicine Stick (GRA)
Two-Step Goodbye
Two-Step Goodbye (GRA)
Li'l Devil
Li'l Devil (GRA)
Nuka-Breaker
Nuka-Breaker (GRA)
Embrace of the Mantis King!
Embrace of the Mantis King! (GRA)
Paciencia
Paciencia (GRA)
MF Hyperbreeder Alpha
MF Hyperbreeder Alpha (GRA)
Greased Lightning
Greased Lightning (GRA)
The Smitty Special
The Smitty Special (GRA)
Sprtel-Wood 9700
Sprtel-Wood 9700 (GRA)
Cleansing Flame
Cleansing Flame (GRA)
Tin Grenade
Tin Grenade (GRA)
Tin Grenade (Mad Bomber)
Tin Grenade (Mad Bomber) (GRA)
Nuka-Grenade
Nuka-Grenade (GRA)
Nuka-Grenade (Mad Bomber)
Nuka-Grenade (Mad Bomber) (GRA)
Fat Mine
Fat Mine (GRA)
Fat Mine (Mad Bomber)
Fat Mine (Mad Bomber) (GRA)
MFC Grenade
MFC Grenade (GRA)
MFC Grenade (Mad Bomber)
MFC Grenade (Mad Bomber) (GRA)
MFC Cluster
MFC Cluster (GRA)
MFC Cluster (Mad Bomber)
MFC Cluster (Mad Bomber) (GRA)
Time Bomb, High Yield
Time Bomb, High Yield (GRA)
Time Bomb, High Yield (Mad Bomber)
Time Bomb, High Yield (Mad Bomber) (GRA)
Bottlecap Mine, Efficient (GRA)
.357 revolver long barrel
.357 revolver HD cylinder
.357 Revolver Heavy-Duty Cylinder
.44 revolver scope
.44 revolver heavy frame
.45 AP HD slide
.45 AP silencer
.45 AP Improved Sights
9mm pistol extended mags
9mm Pistol Extended Magazines
9mm pistol scope
10mm pistol silencer
10mm pistol extended mags
10mm Pistol Extended Magazines
10mm pistol laser sight
12.7mm pistol silencer
Hunting rev. 6-shot cylinder
Hunting Revolver 6-Shot Cylinder
Hunting rev. match barrel
Hunting Revolver Match Barrel
Hunting Revolver Scope
Hunting Rev. Night Vision Scope
Hunting Revolver Upgraded Scope
Anti-mat. rifle CF parts
Anti-Materiel Rifle Carbon Fiber Parts
Anti-mat. rifle custom bolt
Anti-Materiel Rifle Custom Bolt
Anti-mat. rifle suppressor
Anti-Materiel Rifle Suppressor
Assault carbine extended magazines
Assault carb. ext. mags
Assault carb. forged receiver
Assault carb. light bolt
Auto. Rifle Upgr. Internals
[Mod] Automatic Rifle Upgraded Internals
Brush gun forged receiver
Cby. Rep. custom action
Cowboy Repeater Custom Action
Cby. Rep. long tube
Cowboy Repeater Long Tube
Cby. Rep. maple stock
Hunting rifle extended mag
Hunting Rifle Extended Magazines
Hunting rifle scope
Hunting rifle custom action
Hunting Rifle Clean Bolt
Light MG expanded drums
Light Machine Gun Expanded Drums
Svc. Rifle forged receiver
Service Rifle Forged Receiver
Svc. Rifle Upgraded Springs
Svc. Rifle Upgraded Internals
Svc. Rifle Reflex Sight
Service Rifle Reflex Sight
Sniper rifle suppressor
Sniper rifle carbon fiber parts
Trail carbine scope
Trail Carbine Laminate Stock
Varmint rifle extended mags
Varmint rifle night scope
Varmint rifle silencer
.45 Auto SMG Comp.
.45 Auto SMG drums
9mm SMG drums
9mm SMG light bolt
10mm SMG extended mags
10mm SMG Extended Magazines
10mm SMG Recoil Comp.
10mm SMG Recoil Compensator
12.7mm submachine gun silencer
12.7mm SMG laser sight
12.7mm SMG stacked magazine
12.7mm SMG suppressor
12.7mm SMG Silencer
Sil. .22 SMG exp. drums
Hunting shotgun long tube
Hunting shotgun choke
K9000 mod - Resla roil
K9000 mod - Mentat chow
Minigun damped subframe
Minigun high-speed motor
SMMG mechanical upgrade
SMMG recoil compensator
SMMG extended magazine
Laser pistol combat sights
Laser pistol focus optics
Laser pistol recycler
Plasma Def. hi-cap terminal
Plasma Defender High-Capacity Terminal
Plasma Def. scope
Plasma Defender Scope
Plasma Def. sheath stabilizer
Plasma Defender Sheath Stabilizer
Plas. pistol hi-energy ionizer
Plasma Pistol High-Energy Ionizer
Plas. pistol mag. accelerator
Plasma Pistol Magnetic Accelerator
Plas. pistol recycler
Plasma Pistol Recycler
Holorifle focus optics
[Mod] Holorifle focus optics
Holorifle Adv. Calibration
[Mod] Holorifle advanced calibration
Holorifle Reinf. Components
[Mod] Holorifle reinforced components
LAER Mod - Auxiliary Recharger Clip
LAER Mod - Prismatic Lens
Laser RCW recycler
Laser rifle focus optics
Laser rifle beam splitter
Laser rifle scope
Plasma rifle Mag. accelerator
Plasma Rifle Magnetic Accelerator
Tri-beam LR focus optics
Tri-beam LR HD caps
Tri-beam Laser Rifle Heavy-Duty Capacitor
Tri-beam LR hi-cap terminal
Tri-beam Laser Rifle High-Capacity Terminal
Flamer expanded tanks
Gat. laser focus optics
Gatling Laser Focus Optics
Gat. Laser CF Frame
Gatling Laser Carbon Fiber Frame
Plasma caster HS electrode
Plasma Caster High-Speed Electrode
25mm G. APW Exp. Drum
25mm Grenade APW Expanded Drums
25mm G. APW long barrel
25mm G. APW upgraded int.
25mm Grenade APW Upgraded Internals
Grenade rifle long barrel
Fat Man Little Boy kit
Grenade MG High-Speed Kit
Grenade Machine Gun High-Speed Kit
Miss. launcher guidance Sys.
Missile Launcher Guidance System
Red Glare alpha strike
Red Glare auto launcher
Red Glare far sighting
Chainsaw alloy frame
Chainsaw carbide teeth
Chainsaw HD chain
Chainsaw Heavy-Duty Chain
Katana authentic blade
Katana balanced grip
Katana protective sheath
Ripper carbide teeth
Ripper HD chain
Ripper Heavy-Duty Chain
Ripper Alloy Frame
Ripper Light Frame
Baseball bat cork core
Baseball bat maple body
Baseball bat nails
War club casings
War club honors
Bear Trap Fist HD Springs
Power fist chromed tubes
Power Fist Hi-Cap Valves
Power Fist High-Capacity Valves
Power fist ported chambers
.32 Pistol Long Barrel
.32 Pistol Light Action
.32 Rifle Long Barrel
.32 Rifle Extended Mag
Chinese Pistol Extended Magazine
Chinese Pistol Bluing
Chinese Pistol Rifled Barrel
Assault Rifle Heavy Barrel
Assault Rifle Drums
Infiltrator Tactical Stock
Lever-Action Rifle Improved Parts
Lever-Action Rifle Sights
Double-Barreled Shotgun Maplewood Stock
Double-Barreled Shotgun Turkey Chokes
Multiplas Rifle Tri-Barrel
Marksman Carbine: Exp. Mag.
Silenced .22 SMG Expanded Drums
.22LR
.22LR Round
22LR
.22LR, HP
.22LR Hollow Point
.22LR, Hollow Point
.22LR Round, Hollow Point
.22LR HP
.22LR, Plinking
.22LR P
.22LR, JHP Hand Load
Breakdown .22LR
Breakdown .22 LR
Breakdown .22LR Hollow Point
Breakdown .22LR Plinking
Case, .22LR
Ammo Box, .22LR Plinking
.308 Round
.308
.308 Caliber Round
.308 Round [%]
.308, AP
.308 AP
.308, Armor Piercing
.308 Armor Piercing
.308 Round, Armor Piercing
.308, HP
.308 Hollow Point
.308, Hollow Point
.308 Round, Hollow Point
.308 HP
.308, JSP
.308 JSP
.308, JSP Hand Load
.308, JSP (Hand Load)
Case, .308
Breakdown .308
Breakdown .308 Armor Piercing
Breakdown .308 Hollow Point
Breakdown .308 JSP Hand Load
.357 Magnum Round
.357 Mag.
.357 Magnum, HP
.357 Magnum Hollow Point
.357 Magnum, Hollow Point
.357 Magnum Round, Hollow Point
.357M HP
.357 Magnum, JFP
.357 Magnum, JFP Hand Load
.357 Magnum, JFP (Hand Load)
.357M JFP
.38 Special Round
.38 Spc.
.38 Special, FMJ
Case, .357 Magnum
Case Box, .357 Magnum
Breakdown .357 Magnum
Breakdown .357 Magnum Round
Breakdown .357 Magnum Hollow Point
Breakdown .357 Magnum JFP Hand Load
Breakdown .38 Special
Case, .38 Special
.44 Magnum Round
.44 Round, Magnum
.44 Magnum [%]
.44 Mag.
.44 Magnum, HP
.44 Magnum Hollow Point
.44 Magnum, Hollow Point
.44 Magnum Round, Hollow Point
.44M HP
.44 Magnum, SWC
.44 Magnum, SWC Hand Load
.44 Magnum, SWC (Hand Load)
.44M SWC
.44 Special Round
.44 Spc.
.44 Special, FMJ
Case, .44 Magnum
Case Box, .44 Magnum
Breakdown .44 Magnum
Breakdown .44 Magnum Round
Breakdown .44 Magnum Hollow Point
Breakdown .44 Magnum SWC Hand Load
Breakdown .44 Special
Case, .44 Special
.45-70 Gov't
.45-70 Gov't Round
.45-70G
.45-70 Gov't, HP
.45-70 Gov't, Hollow Point
.45-70 Gov't Hollow Point
.45-70 Gov't Round, Hollow Point
.45-70G HP
.45-70 Gov't, SWC Hand Load
.45-70 Gov't, SWC (Hand Load)
.45-70G SWC
Case Box, .45-70 Gov't
Breakdown .45-70 Gov't
Breakdown .45-70 Gov't Hollow Point
Breakdown .45-70 Gov't SWC Hand Load
Case, .45-70 Gov't
.50 MG
.50 MG Round
.50MG
.50 MG, AP
.50 MG, Armor Piercing
.50 MG Round, Armor Piercing
.50MG AP
.50 MG, Match
.50 MG, Match Hand Load
.50 MG, Match (Hand Load)
.50MG M
.50 MG, Explosive
.50 MG Round, Explosive
.50 MG, Explosive (GRA)
.50MG E
.50 MG, Incendiary
.50 MG Round, Incendiary
.50MG Inc.
Case, .50 MG
Breakdown .50 MG
Breakdown .50 MG Round
Breakdown .50 MG Armor Piercing
Breakdown .50 MG Explosive
Breakdown .50 MG Incendiary
Breakdown .50 MG Match Hand Load
5mm Round
5mm Round [%]
5mm
5mm, AP
5mm, Armor Piercing
5mm Armor Piercing
5mm Round, Armor Piercing
5mm AP
5mm, HP
5mm Hollow Point
5mm Round, Hollow Point
5mm HP
5mm, Surplus
5mm S
[%] 5mm, Surplus(s) added
5mm JSP
5mm, JSP
5mm, JSP Hand Load
5mm, JSP Hand Load (GRA)
5mm, JSP (Hand Load)
5mm, JSP (Hand Load) (GRA)
Case, 5mm
Breakdown 5mm
Breakdown 5mm Armor Piercing
Breakdown 5mm Hollow Point
Breakdown 5mm Surplus
Breakdown 5mm JSP Hand Load
Ammo Box, 5mm Surplus
5.56mm Round
5.56mm Round [%]
5.56mm
5.56mm, AP
5.56mm AP
5.56mm, Armor Piercing
5.56mm Armor Piercing
5.56mm Round, Armor Piercing
5.56mm, HP
5.56mm Hollow Point
5.56mm, Hollow Point
5.56mm HP
5.56mm, Surplus
5.56mm S
[%] 5.56mm, Surplus(s) added
5.56mm M
5.56mm, Match
5.56mm, Match Hand Load
5.56mm, Match Hand Load (GRA)
5.56mm, Match (Hand Load)
5.56mm, Match (Hand Load) (GRA)
Case, 5.56mm
Case Box, 5.56mm
Breakdown 5.56mm
Breakdown 5.56mm Armor Piercing
Breakdown 5.56mm Hollow Point
Breakdown 5.56mm Surplus
Breakdown 5.56mm Match Hand Load
Ammo Box, 5.56mm Surplus
.223 Round
Breakdown .223
Case, .223
9mm Round
9mm Round [%]
9mm
9mm, +P
9mm Round, +P
9mm Round +P
9mm +P
9mm, HP
9mm, Hollow Point
9mm Hollow Point
9mm HP
9mm, JHP
9mm, JHP Hand Load
9mm, JHP Hand Load (GRA)
9mm, JHP (Hand Load) (GRA)
9mm, JHP (Hand Load)
9mm JHP
Case, 9mm
Breakdown 9mm
Breakdown 9mm +P
Breakdown 9mm Hollow Point
Breakdown 9mm JHP Hand Load
10mm Round
10mm Round [%]
10mm
10mm, HP
10mm Hollow Point
10mm, Hollow Point
10mm Round, Hollow Point
10mm HP
10mm, JHP
10mm JHP
10mm, JHP Hand Load
10mm, JHP (Hand Load)
10mm Round, Armor Piercing
Case, 10mm
Case Box, 10mm
Breakdown 10mm
Breakdown 10mm Hollow Point
Breakdown 10mm JHP Hand Load
12.7mm Round
12.7mm
12.7mm, HP
12.7mm Hollow Point
12.7mm, Hollow Point
12.7mm Round, Hollow Point
12.7mm HP
12.7mm, JHP
12.7mm, JHP Hand Load
12.7mm, JHP (Hand Load)
12.7mm, JHP Hand Load (GRA)
12.7mm, JHP (Hand Load) (GRA)
12.7mm Round (Hand Load)
12.7mm JHP
Case, 12.7mm
Breakdown 12.7mm
Breakdown 12.7mm Hollow Point
Breakdown 12.7mm JHP Hand Load
.45 Auto
.45 Auto Round
.45 Auto, HP
.45 Auto, Hollow Point
.45 Auto Hollow Point
.45 Auto Round, Hollow Point
.45 Auto, +P
.45 Auto +P Round
.45 Auto Round, +P
.45 Auto, Super
.45 Super Hand Load
.45 Super (Hand Load)
.45 Spr.
Breakdown .45 Auto
Breakdown .45 Auto +P
Breakdown .45 Auto Hollow Point
Breakdown .45 Super
Case, .45 Auto
.32 Round
.32 Caliber Round
.32 Round [%]
.32 Round, +P
12 Gauge Round
12 Gauge, Buck
12 Ga. Buckshot
12ga
12ga x 2
12 Gauge, Magnum
12 Gauge Round, Magnum
12 Ga. Buckshot, Magnum
12ga Mag.
12ga Mag. x 2
12 Gauge, Slug
12 Ga. Slug
12 Gauge Round, Slug
12ga S
12ga S x 2
12 Gauge, Bean Bag
12 Gauge Round, Bean Bag
12 Ga. Bean Bag
12ga Bag
12ga Bag x 2
12 Gauge, Coin Shot
12 Ga. Coin Shot
12 Gauge Round, Coin Shot
12ga CS
12ga CS x 2
12 Gauge, 4/0 Buck
12 Gauge, 4/0 Buck (GRA)
12 Ga. 4/0 Buck
12 Gauge Round, 4/0 Buck
12ga 4/0B
12ga 4/0B x 2
12 Gauge, 4/0 Buck Magnum
12 Gauge, 4/0 Buck Mag. (Hand Loader)
12 Gauge, 4/0 Buck Mag. (Hand Loader) (GRA)
12 Ga., 4/0 Buck Mag. Hand Load
12 Ga., 4/0 Buck Mag. Hand Load (GRA)
12 Gauge, 4/0 Buck Mag. (Hand Load)
12 Ga. Buckshot, 4/0 Magnum
12 Ga. Buckshot, 4/0 Magnum (GRA)
12ga 4/0BM
12ga 4/0BM x 2
12 Gauge, Dragon's Breath
12 Gauge Round, Dragon's Breath
12 Gauge, Dragon's Breath (GRA)
12ga DB
12ga DB x 2
12 Gauge, Flechette
12 Ga. Flechette
12 Gauge Round, Flechette
12 Gauge, Flechette (GRA)
12ga F
12ga F x 2
12 Gauge, Pulse Slug
12 Gauge Round, Pulse Slug
12 Gauge, Pulse Slug (GRA)
12ga PS
12ga PS x 2
Breakdown 12 Ga.
Breakdown 12 Ga. Slug
Breakdown 12 Ga. Dragons' Breath
Breakdown 12 Ga. Bean Bag
Breakdown 12 Ga. 4/0 Buck
Breakdown 12 Ga. 4/0 Buck Mag. Hand Load
Breakdown 12 Ga. Coin Shot
Breakdown 12 Ga. Flechette
Breakdown 12 Ga. Magnum
Breakdown 12 Ga. Pulse Slug
Hull, 12 Gauge
20 Gauge Round
20 Gauge, Buck
20 Ga. Buckshot
20ga
20 Gauge, Magnum
20 Gauge Round, Magnum
20 Ga. Buckshot, Magnum
20ga Mag.
20 Gauge, Slug
20 Gauge Round, Slug
20 Ga. Slug
20ga S
20 Gauge, 3/0 Buck
20 Ga. 3/0 Buck
20 Gauge Round, 3/0 Buck
20 Gauge, 3/0 Buck (GRA)
20ga 3/0B
20 Gauge, 3/0 Buck Magnum
20 Ga., 3/0 Buck Mag. Hand Load
20 Ga., 3/0 Buck Mag. Hand Load (GRA)
20 Gauge, 3/0 Buck Mag. (Hand Loader)
20 Gauge, 3/0 Buck Magnum (GRA)
20 Gauge, 3/0 Buck Mag. (Hand Load)
20ga 3/0BM
20 Gauge, Pulse Slug
20 Gauge Round, Pulse Slug
20 Gauge, Pulse Slug (GRA)
20ga PS
20 Gauge, Dragon's Breath
20ga DB
20 Ga. Coin Shot
20 Gauge, Coin Shot
Breakdown 20 Ga.
Breakdown 20 Ga. Slug
Breakdown 20 Ga. 3/0 Buck
Breakdown 20 Ga. 3/0 Buck Mag. Hand Load
Breakdown 20 Ga. Magnum
Breakdown 20 Ga. Pulse Slug
Hull, 20 Gauge
Shotgun Shell [%]
Shell x 2
25mm Grenade
25mmG
25mm Grenade, High Explosive
25mmG HE
25mm Grenade, Plasma
25mm Grenade, Plasma (GRA)
25mmG, Pla.
25mm Grenade, Pulse
25mm Grenade, Pulse (GRA)
25mmG, Pul.
25mm Grenade, Timed
25mm Grenade, Timed (GRA)
25mmG, Tim.
25mm Grenade, Incendiary
40mm Grenade
40mmG
40mm Grenade, Incendiary
40mmG Inc.
40mm Grenade, High Explosive
40mm Grenade, Plasma
40mm Grenade, Plasma (GRA)
40mm Grenade, Pla.
40mm Grenade, Pulse
40mm Grenade, Pulse (GRA)
40mm Grenade, Pul.
Missile
Missile [%]
Missile, High Explosive
Missile HE
Missile, High Velocity
Missile, Hive
Missile, Hive (GRA)
Rocket
Rocket Ammo
Rocket, High Explosive
Rocket, High-Explosive
High-Explosive Rocket Ammo
Rocket HE
Rocket, Incendiary
Rocket Inc.
Incendiary Rocket Ammo
Breakdown Rocket
Mini Nuke
Mini Nuke [%]
Mini Nuke, Big Kid
Mini Nuke, Big Kid (GRA)
Mini Nuke, BK
Mini Nuke, Low Yield
Mini Nuke, Low Yield (GRA)
Mini Nuke, LY
Mini Nuke, Tiny Tots
Mini Nuke, Tiny Tots (GRA)
Mini Nuke, TT
Mini Nuke, Timed
Mini Nuke, Timed (GRA)
Mini Nuke, Tim.
Energy Cell
Energy Cell[%]
Energy Cell, Over Charge
E Cell OC[%]
Energy Cell, Max Charge
E Cell MC[%]
Energy Cell, Bulk
E Cell B[%]
Energy Cell, Optimized
Energy Cell, Optimized (GRA)
Energy Cell, Optimized (Vigilant Recycler)
E Cell, Opt.[%]
Microfusion Cell
Microfusion Cell [%]
MF Cell[%]
Microfusion Cell, Over Charge
MF Cell OC[%]
Microfusion Cell, Max Charge
MF Cell MC[%]
Microfusion Cell, Bulk
MF Cell B[%]
Microfusion Cell, Optimized
Microfusion Cell, Optimized (Vigilant Recycler)
MF Cell, Opt.[%]
Flamer Fuel
Flamer Fuel [%]
Flamer Fuel, Homemade
Flamer Fuel, Home Made
Fuel, HM
Flamer Fuel, Optimized
Flamer Fuel, Optimized (GRA)
Flamer Fuel, Optimized (Vigilant Recycler)
Fuel, Opt.
Electron Charge Pack
Electron Charge Pack [%]
EC Pack[%]
Electron Charge Pack, Over Charge
EC Pack OC[%]
Electron Charge Pack, Max Charge
EC Pack MC[%]
Electron Charge Pack, Bulk
Electron Charge Pack, Optimized
Electron Charge Pack, Optimized (Vigilant Recycler)
EC Pack, Opt.[%]
BB
BB [%]
Nalis
Flechettes
Alien Power Cell [%]
Railway Spikes [%]
Dart [%]
Spr.
Slg
HV
Hiv.
OC
MC
Inc.
DB
Exp.
Silent
Silenced .22 Pistol
Silenced .22 SMG
.32 Pistol
Silenced 10mm Pistol
Weathered 10mm Pistol
.357 Magnum Revolver
.44 Magnum Revolver
Scoped .44 Magnum
Varmint Rifle
Marksman Carbine
Gobi Campaign Scout Rifle
Reservist's Rifle
Sawed-Off Shotgun
Shoulder Mounted Machine Gun
Great Bear Grenade Rifle
Red Victory Grenade Rifle
Fat Man
Fat Man (GRA)
AER14 Prototype
Baseball bat
Baseball bat (GRA)
Hatchet
Throwing Hatchet
Axe
Machete
Machete Gladius
Throwing Tomahawk
Cosmic Knife Clean
Cosmic Knife (Clean)
Blade of the East
Corrosive Glove
Sterilizer Glove
Frag Grenade
Incendiary Grenade
Jericho's Chinese Assault Rifle
Star Paladin Cross' Laser Pistol
Arcade's Ripper
Arcade's Plasma Defender
Veronica's Laser Pistol
Courier Duster
Ulysses' Duster
Ulysses' Mask
Black Combat Armor
Regulator Combat Armor, Reinforced
Commando Armor, Reinforced
Lightweight Leather Armor
Lightweight Metal Armor
NCR Face Wrap Armor
NCR Bandoleer Armor
NCR Mantle Armor
Salvaged Power Armor
Followers Lab Coat, Reinforced
Composite Recon Helmet
Red Racer Jumpsuit
Wastelander's Gear
Vera's Outfit
Hazmat Darklight Cowl
Hazmat Suit
Breathing Mask
Linden's Outcast Power Armor
Road Rascal Leather Armor
Lucky Battle Armor
Merc Adventurer Outfit, Reinforced
Merc Charmer Outfit, Reinforced
Merc Troublemaker Outfit, Reinforced
Stimpak, Expired
Stimpak, Super
Auto-Inject Stimpak, Super
Stimpak, Homemade
Moonshine
MRE
Dog Stew
Wasteland Hot Dog
Irr. Sunset Sars.
Irradiated Banana Yucca
Lad's Life
Large Metal Pot
Pile of Giant Mantis Eggs
Vending Machine Code - "Microfusion Cells"
Legion Raid Camp
NCR Deserter Camp
Griffin Wares Sacked Caravan
Wrecked Highwayman
Crescent Canyon West
Crescent Canyon East
Cliffside Prospector Camp
Correctional Facility Yard
Legion Dead Drop
The Ultra-Luxe
The King's School of Impersonation
Fremont Street
Freeside Outskirts
Cottonwood Cove Docks
Ringo's Caravan
Haggling Harry
Haggling Harry's Stop & Shop
Primm Encampment
Bitter Springs Command Outpost
Nellis Tunnel South
Nellis Tunnel North
HELIOS One: Solar Collection Tower
Red Rock Amphitheatre
Red Rock Summit
The Fort Summit
Deathclaw Promontory
Dog
Wasteland Traveler
Wasteland Wanderer
Veteran Hunter
Scavenger's Dog
Hunter's Dog
Viper Gang Mutt
Viper Guard Dog
Viper Hunting Dog
Paranoid Prospector
Crucified Trooper
Crucified Slave
Counterfelter
Repairman
Gun Runner Merchant
Gun Runner Trader
Gun Runner's Pack Brahmin
Gun Runner Sentry Bot
NCR Scout
NCR Deserter
NCR Recon Unit
NCR Captain
NCR Engineer
NCR Clerk
NCR Tourist
NCR Heavy Trooper
NCR Lieutenant
NCR Mercenary Techie
NCR Recon Lieutenant
Legion Recruit
Legion Hunter
Legion Prospector
Disguised Frumentarius
Fiend Attack Dog
Fiend Underboss
Great Khan Chem Dealer
Great Khan Chem Pusher
Great Khan Marksman
Omerta Underboss
Chairman
Chairman Greeter
Gomorrah Prostitute
Boomer Explorer
Boomer Expedition Leader
B.O.S. Senior Paladin
Brotherhood Procurement Specialist
Happy Trails Merchant
Junk Merchant
Destitute Traveler
Moneygrubber
Deranged Bright Follower
House: Reloading Bench
Human Fresh
Human Flesh
Sentry Bot
Super-Mutant
Hired Hand
Herding dog
Tamed Nighstalker
Raider Camp
Mercenary Camp
Mercenary Leader
Graveyard
Repair Kit
Challenges
Next Challenge Type
Powder Ganger Deputy
NCR Deputy
Normal
Blue
Green
Cigarette
Pack of Cigarettes
Nuka-Cola Ice Cold
Empty Milk Bottle
Jean Sky Diving Key
Nipton Basement Key
Friendship Metro Utility Gate Key
Museum Gun Locker Key
Evergreen Mills Storage Room Key
Smiling Jack's Vendor Key
Madam's Key
Rivet City Hangar Key
Washington Monument Security Terminal
Galaxy News Radio
Tranquility Lane
Oasis
Arlington Metro
Squatter's Encampment
Highway 95 Viper's Encampment
Vipers' Lair
Abandoned Mine
Abandoned Brotherhood Safehouse
Novac Sewer
Greenblood Caves
Angel Cave
Collapsed Overpass Tunnel
Collapsed Overpass Tunnel Entrance
Infested NCR Bunker Lower Level
Claw Nest
Cook Cook's Kitchen
Violet's Trailer Fort
Nephi's Range
Scorpion Nest
Companion Dismissal Terminal
Vance's Gun
My Little Friend
Shane's Bane
The Evening Redness
Freeside Gang Leader
Fabulous New Vegas Sign
Adventurer's Pack
HE
What is your assignment?
You have no means of transport. Guess you'll have to walk.
Travelling Caravaneer
I'd like to travel with your caravan.
Camp McCarran.
Red Rock Canyon.
Freeside North.
Westside West Entrance.
Jacobstown.
Cottonwood Cove.
Mojave Outpost.
Sloan.
Bitter Springs.
Boulder City.
Nelson.
188 Trading Post.
Let's go. [[%] caps]
<Accepts payment, preparing for travel>
Riddler's Toys & Games
You don't have the strength to sprint with this weapon!
You win [%] chip(s)
Distribute 1 Point
Distribute [%] Points
Bent Tin Can = Tin Can!
Thief [%]
[Return] Cigarette (Carton)
[Return] Cigarette (Pack)
[Return] Hat, Fedora
[Return] Casualwear
[Return] Casualwear (Soiled)
[Return] Parkstroller Outfit
[Return] Parkstroller Outfit (Soiled)
[Return] Relaxedwear
[Return] Relaxedwear (Soiled)
[Return] Spring Outfit
[Return] Spring Outfit (Soiled)
Peacekeeper
Ranger of the Wastes
Desert Avenger
Vegas Crusader
Guardian of the Wastes
Restorer of Faith
Savior of the Damned
Drifter
Renegade
Wanderer
Vagabond of the Wastes
Observer
Vegas Councilor
Strider of the Wastes
Beholder
Renegade of the Wastes
Loner
Moneygrubber
Profiteer
Grifter
Deceiver
Fat Cat
Pirate of the Wastes
Betrayer
Ne'er-do-well
Vegas Crime lord
Villain of the Wastes
Scourge of the Wastes
Architect of Doom
Bringer of Sorrow
Agent of Chaos
Rat
Cannibal
Ferocious Loyalty
Miss Fortune
Meltdown
Implant GRX
Contract Killer
Lawbringer
Wild Wasteland
Increases rate of fire.
Edit Traits
Edit Tag Skills
Exit
[%]. Map marker added.
Yeah.
What?
Later.
Go on.
I am now.
Good luck.
Take care.
Let's do this.
All right, then.
I'll be waiting.
Yeah? What do you want?
Not anymore?
Is there something you need?
You are now Well Rested!
Report to Ranger Grant.
Doctor Ada Straus
Now there's a fine-looking woman. Just needs to ditch the robe.
I'll submit to the credit check. <5000 caps required>
I'll submit to the credit check. <5000 caps required.>
I'll submit to the credit check. <5,000 caps required.>
I want to buy a passport. <5000 caps required.>
Let's talk about the creature's eggs you need.
Let's talk about the creature eggs you need.
Let's talk about the creature eggs that you need.
Could you help me craft something?
I'll look for your men and supplies.
Thanks, I appreciate it.
From what I've gathered from NCR rangers, they were most likely taken to Cottonwood Cove. You might start there.
(Repair of 35 or higher and one piece of scrap metal required)
For you? Just the basics. Come back when you're a little more seasoned and maybe we could talk about other options.
Well hello, sugar. Mr. House is waiting for you in his office.
First Recon's in Camp Forlorn Hope. Get some Rangers in there too and it'll be a damned impregnable fortress.
Looks like we booted the Legion outta Nelson. About damn time.
Let Jed know you're ready to leave once you're traveling alone and carrying 50 pounds or less.
All right, I'll come back when I'm carrying less than 50 pounds.
But what does that accomplish?
You know that means I'm going to encourage him to leave, right?
If it will get me out of here, sure.
You're the New Canaanite who's supposed to help lead these people, not hide things from them.
While he continued to advocate militant opposition to the enemies of New Canaan, he sometimes showed quarter to those who crossed his family.
So, got any rocks then? Or other forms of armamament?
I just hoped a savage - outsider, sorry - would make it to our gates before one of those armies out there comes knocking.
Raquel could use help with the bug problem, Doc Argyll has wounded he's tending to, and Loyal and Jack might be looking for help with some repairs.
Or you could just go see Pete at the museum and hear the story of our people. All you have to do there is listen.
I do believe you've conviced one or two of us that it's better you made it here than were blown to smithereens.
I see. Well, thank you for trying. I'm off to go see my admirer now.
Sheesh, You're one ugly sonofabitch!
If he ain't chiseling behind your back, he just sends his men, ready for a fight. Then you either "sell" your ranch for a penny, or you're dead.
Ha! Well, you're polite, I'll give you that. If this was just between you and me, I'd do as you ask. But it's not.
Well, well, well! What's our favorite courier doing so far from the Strip? Don't you have a special delivery to give to Mr. House?
So you're back. Now, where did we leave off?
Bitter Springs... a name like that could've only brought bad luck.
What? There's no way... we're miles from the Colorado. They... they aren't even waiting for the Dam to fall. They're already inside the borders...
The NCR troopers have been paid to look the other way.
McLafferty's a hard boss, but she knows what she's doing, that's for sure.
Damn Brahmin crap everywhere.
Fucking expensive to get into the Strip these days.
McLafferty's been riding asses again. Better lay low.
Okay, here you go. That page has the details, but it's all in the timing as you move from building to building.
I'm unable to work out a deal. The Great Khans are all yours.
I figure a guy like you gets his pick of killing gear.
What were you looking to start?
I'm giving you a real opportunity here - how about some compensation?
You hear the losers around here complaining how they lost their shirts on the Strip? It's pathetic.
A reliable source told me we're getting the best NCR soldiers to help us against the Legion.
I'm sick of the sob stories you hear around here. If you don't know when to stop gambling, that's no one's fault but your own.
People are whispering, everywhere, about the massive Legion army gathering past the Colorado.
You know it's illegal for us to gamble back home? The government wants to keep us poor.
I've never seen a robot like that before.
After I win big, I'm going to buy my friends dinner at that fancy Gor-mant restaurant. I saw ads for it back home.
I can't wait to see the Strip. I hear it's so beautiful!
Your friend seems too civilized for a place like this.
New Vegas, paradise, my ass.
Look, Rexie, someone new's come to see us. Poor boy. He hasn't been feeling well lately. I'm the King. What can I do for you?
Maybe so. Maybe so. You look like you might be able to handle yourself. Tell you what.
You do me a favor, and I'll have some more work for you when it's done. Sound good?
You may have noticed that some of those guards out there are Kings, too. I'm just looking out for my men.
I'm not trying to get some kind of unfair advantage. I just want a level playing field for my boys. So what do you say?
Hey, look who it is bringing that good Khan karma around!
While they're in town, the Nightkin aren't allowed to have Stealth Boys so their craziness doesn't get worse.
I'm currently investigating the local Nightstalker population since they seem to have developed a natural stealth field.
I've also gotten my hands on a working Stealth Boy Mark II prototype, but that experiment is riskier. I'd rather not pursue that research just yet.
Because Marcus asked me to and because it's a reason for me to get up in the morning. I'd like to get one more grand accomplishment done.
Something on your mind?
Tell Jerry the Followers will accept him as a novice.
Snuff Tapes
Yeah, this is Clanden. This guy is one sick motherfucker. The way I see it, you have a few options.
One of the Ranger vets looked at me and I just about surrendered.
Snipers and sharpshooters have been assigned to key locations and we also have a special K9 unit sniffing out members of the crowd.
Not all of them.
Why the lockdown?
I'm so excited about the President visiting. This is going to be great!
I'm looking forward to seeing the President.
I'm just glad to have the day off for this.
I wonder what President Kimball is going to talk about today.
We are the heirs of that civilization, torchbearers eastward of the Pacific, into the darkness of this wasted land.
Today, you are the waves of the Pacific, pushing ever eastward. You are the sequoias rising from the Sierra Nevadas, defiant and enduring.
That was a great speech.
It was such an honor to be here today. I'm so lucky.
President Kimball is really well spoken.
That's a nice suit President Kimball had.
Maybe they'll let you back in?
But ghouls are immune to radiation.
But he isn't feral.
I could ask you the same thing.
I can take care of that robot problem for you. Just saying.
What can I do for you?
Okay, I'll do that.
No, not really.
That's not necessary.
You were a pilot?
That's not a good idea.
Done. Here's the caps.
What's going on around here?
Mind yourself on the plank going down.
Yeah! Who won the lottery? I did!
Smell that air! Couldn't ya just drink it like booze!
What lottery? The lottery, that's what lottery! Are you stupid?
Only lottery that matters! Oh my God, smell that air!
Powder Ganger? What? I mean, yeah, used to be, sure!
But not no more! Powder Gang is small-time, man! I'm a winner! I won the motherfucking lottery!
Stop bothering me, will ya! I won the fucking lottery!
You're the courier who's caused so much trouble for my Legion, and yet you dare come before me.
The Kings of Freeside are cooperating with the NCR now, which frees up soldiers to defend the dam.
So tell me this, because I really want to know. I am feared - with good reason.
But you - of all people - dare to come here and stand before me, the mighty Caesar. What were you thinking?
I need to get that Platinum Chip back.
I had to see the Mighty Caesar with my own eyes.
Uh, citizen, I guess.
Courier.
What's been going on in town lately?
I shouldn't have said anything in the first place, and I'd rather not get you into the habit of crossing the NCR.
How me help you?
What's going on with the Great Khans?
I may be able to negotiate a deal with the Great Khans.
What did you and Boone's wife argue about?
What's going on, man?
I heard there was a sniper nest up here.
The White Legs want to join the Legion. Caesar's rite of passage is the destruction of the New Canaanites, almost assuredly because of me.
Hoi!
Goot.
Yah ah tahg.
What Joshua wants is more than an attack. He wants a slaughter. And he needs more than you and the Dead Horses to do it.
Outman! Kuna-man mad! He kill all White Legs! You talk! You stop!
I love fighting. I'm going back out there now.
What's with the snowglobe collection?
Contracted pupils, involuntary spasms... Med-X kills quickly, Joana. I can help.
You worked in Gomorrah as a Croupier, uh? What was it like?
What did you say about working at Gomorrah?
Don't worry, I'll tell him that you are happy to hear from him.
We'll take care of Carlitos, don't worry.
Carlitos says he's ready to cash in his chips.
The Beards will be there.
You've made it! Thatks so much for your help. I owe you more than- Wait! What's that?
Carlitos is trading what he stole for Joana. I was hired to see that he does.
Your boss kept it a secret. Carlitos would've not dealt directly with Omertas.
I don't know how we pulled this off. For a minute there, I thought we were not going to make it.
Let's get one thing straight. I see any crimson, I'm taking the shot. You don't like that, you're on your own.
Well, I got most of it right, anyway. Stuff that mattered.
Sure can. The NCR was founded from the survivors of one of the great Vaults. We started as a small settlement called Shady Sands.
I wouldn't head that direction if I were you, though. Got critters up there that don't take kindly to getting shot.
Stick to the roads when you can, and steer clear of the hills north of Goodsprings. The critters up there are big and poisonous.
I hear rumors, that's about it. Supposedly they keep slaves and they got some real nasty ways of killing folks.
I was out for a stroll that night when I heard the commotion up at the old bone orchard. Saw what looked like a bunch of bad eggs so I laid low.
Happy trails!
To my dismay, they found me while I waited in the shadows and brought me here.
I said, sure as lack of rain, you were still kicking. Then he turned down the job, just like that. I asked if he was sure, it was good money.
Do you know who he was? Where he went?
No idea. Sounds like you two had a history for him to act like that. And turn down the money, too.
Also, if you need any gear checked, we can get you up and running again... once you fill out the work orders, and sign for the parts, of course.
Looks like we got a new visitor in the ol' Brahmin pen. Not many people coming here in a hurry, only passing through.
And if you're passing through, you picked a bad time. Road north has gone to hell, and if I let a caravan through, they won't make it.
Lucky for me, you mean. Hand them over.
I will. That's the last time I pick up a straggler on the road, believe me.
Fucking Mojave's going to hell, and all I can do is sit here and watch.
Caesar's Legion sends skirmishers every so often. Prodding for weaknesses, mostly. The reality is, if they really wanted it, we'd all be dead.
The Followers will be grateful. Here, take these, as a parting gift. I hope you'll find them useful.
Keeping watch, mostly. Trying to make sure the dangers of this plant are minimized.
How do you like serving in the Army?
Okay, everybody's lined up and ready to go. Any suggestions?
Take your time. Pick your shots and tell your squadmates who you're shooting at.
Well, I think that went well, don't you?
Okay, to start, pull the pin, let it cook off for a count of three, then throw.
Any idea why they went that way?
No clue. I know Benny hadn't paid up yet. Maybe that was where they were supposed to get square.
Hope that helps. I owed you.
I don't blame anybody for it. There's so much chaos when you're fighting, you're lucky not to shoot your own guys.
We've got a situation with some Great Khans right now. The brass at McCarran has ordered me to lock down the ruins until it's been resolved.
Normally, I'd turn you down since I have no idea who you are, but considering that the hostages are as good as dead when we attack...
Don't worry about me. I can handle myself in a fight.
Look at it this way - nobody dies.
Destroyed during the Battle of Hoover Dam a couple of years ago. The town was set up as a trap for Caesar's Legion.
I think you'd better leave.
Just making friendly conversation.
Do you treat everyone around here like this?
I don't see how that affects me.
You'd think the NCR would be very concerned about this sort of thing.
Tech Sergeant Reyes
What's your take on the NCR's position here?
But it's understandable. The constant skirmishes take their toll on everyone in the end.
Let's move out!
Hand over the Platinum Chip, maybe you live.
Why would I trust you?
Well, the Legion is going to attack Hoover Dam one of these days! And the NCR is going to defend it!
To the northeast is a settlement, the locals here call them "Boomers." They are sitting on a munitions stockpile that would be invaluable to us.
You don't strike me as someone down on their luck. What brings you to Westside?
I help tend the crops, stand watch for Fiends, and generally help keep things civilized.
Whoa there, pal. You better slow down, or you'll get blown up like the rest of the idiots who thought they'd scavenge in Boomer territory.
Except you! There's something special about you, child, and it was the howitzers that gave you a chance to show it.
Oh, so many ways! Small ones to begin with, so we can get used to what it's like to have a sav- outsider around and about.
Then, about a week ago, there was a scientist. Keely. She's unusual, not the sort of person you'd expect, but she's an absolute genius, and...
And Hildern hates Keely because... well, because every time they meet, she makes him look like an ass. In front of important people, usually.
Keely just called in. You should have heard the Director. "But I-" "Wait a-" "Now look here-"
They've set up shop in Vault 3 to the west. Every day they attack our positions and my men repel them.
The Legion's been sending raiding parties across the river in larger numbers lately. We don't have the men at this post to intercept them all.
Does the Legion know you're watching them from here?
That guy Benny was a piece of work.
What was  that about the surplus ammo?
You're here for the money. I told the Omertas I was good for it! I just need more time!
Every station except Charlie has been given the new security codes. Charlie was wiped out.
That's horrible!
He's usually down around the proving ground if you want to say yo.
Hey there. In from out of town, ain't you? Name's Dusty.
Why wouldn't this stop the Legion?
Still feels pretty good, though, doesn't it?
Okay. We'll make it a point to stop there.
Boost my charisma.
I want to be more intelligent.
Enhance my agility.
Can you make me luckier?
There's a ridge called Coyote Tail on the south side. That's where we set up.
How could you kill innocent people like that?
That's not what I would've done at all.
Maybe not. Maybe I wouldn't have either at one point. But that's why they train you. Break you down till you're automatic.
I'd like to stay here for the night. Think some things over.
I'd prefer not to right now.
Something's wrong. Got a group coming our way. Looks like a Legion raiding party. It's big.
Might be too big. Even for us.
If you want out I won't blame you. But I'm going to stay. See if I can hold them off.
Why would they come to Bitter Springs?
Let's get out of here. Let them have Bitter Springs.
I guess one of the settlers was connected, because we sent everything we had. We figured this was a gang hideout, but... they'd led us to their home.
What happened?
Ha! If only it was this easy all the time.
Tell the truth... I think this is exactly what I've been waiting for.
Back west, you don't see too many of these. Lakes, I mean. Natural or man-made. Any kind, really.
But if you're here long enough, it starts to seem normal. That's what a ranger's life is now. Looking east.
The Mojave has a way of burning decent people up, but it sounds like you've done right by the NCR. It's appreciated. Now what can I do for you?
The best of the best, worst of the worst. He came out of NCR, one of the Followers of the Apocalypse.
Word is that the Legion's old timers have shown up, Caesar's veterans from the Red Okie Centuria and what was the Painted Rock tribe.
Caesar's a hard man to figure out, but he always wants you to know when more troops are at your front door.
This job isn't all gunfighting and gulping shots of whiskey, no matter what the boys and ladies out there say.
How does spreading false intel help anything?
I messed up. Made a mistake. I thought I could help get us out of here, but... it didn't work out.
Send me all the Legion you can. I'll be waiting for them.
Orris shouldn't be a problem any longer.
Ah, so it went down like that, huh? I guess it can't be helped now.
You're not subtle, but you get the job done. That's good enough for me. Maybe you can help me with something more important.
On second thought, if I can whip this band of hooligans into obedience, a stray tough guy or two shouldn't be a problem.
What is it you had in mind?
Great Khans! Drive Caesar's dog out of our camp! If he's too slow to flee, kill him!
Teach you to mess with me.
I don't believe it. Who the hell are you, lady? How did you just walk right up and pull him out of there?
I don't believe it. Who the hell are you, man? How did you just walk right up and pull him out of there?
Doc Mitchell said you could teach me to survive in the desert.
I don't know who screwed up, but the Powder Gangers are loose. It was one group that attacked us and took our entire supply of dynamite.
We'd see them occasionally, but they didn't seem too keen on getting too close to the quarry. Not sure if it was the noise or all the workers.
I can't believe that an entire pack moved into the quarry. I thought that kind of bad luck only happened in New Vegas.
About a week ago, this trader, Ringo, comes into town. Survivor of an attack, he says. Bad men after him, needs a place to hide.
We figured he was just in shock, so we gave him a place to lie low. We didn't actually expect anyone to come after him.
Cobb hasn't exactly been looking for Ringo too hard - I think he's afraid that Ringo will ambush him, which is probably true.
He's holed up at the abandoned gas station up the hill.
You mean murder him? That's not our way, even if Cobb is scum. He can bluster and threaten all he wants.
He's a convict. Just without the chains. Said his name was Cobb. "Powder Gangers" is what they call themselves. Plenty more like him out there.
If you were able to get Ringo out of this mess, you'd have a decent reputation around Goodsprings. I'd even set you up with a discount.
How can I get Easy Pete's dynamite?
No, none at all. We've been traveling together since I picked her up a few days ago, and she's been friendly this whole time.
All I can tell you is to find Cachino. He's the lowest level Lieutenant you're going to be able to talk to.
Hey, thanks for all the hard work back there. I'm going to run a tight ship here, don't you worry.
How did Tabitha end up in control?
The community ended up being mostly second gen - not very bright, but easy to influence. Fine, until the Nightkin came along, led by Tabitha...
But with no signs of Tabitha's weakening, and none of the second-gens ready to revolt or to come to Jacobstown, there wasn't much I could do.
I have my own reasons to stay away from Jacobstown for a while - reasons we won't be discussing - so I've stayed here.
I hope she hasn't gotten lonely.
There's no escape from here until I let you go. The sooner you accept your situation, the better.
That structure you see above the Fountain - the Sierra Madre Casino... you need to break inside. A... heist. Too many years in the making.
So I need others to pull off this... heist. Who?
A long story. FEV... a virus with an even longer story... it gave birth to the docile one, turned him into a Super Mutant long ago.
In that case, I will bring him along, I don't need you.
All right, let's get out of here.
Look, I'm here to help.
It'll come to us, Dog. Just wait. We'll kill it together.
Can't believe the idiot swallowed his collar.
...to return here if I leave.
But not you.
I didn't bring you here.
You want to know how I got here?
The "Master" - Elijah... reminds Dog of someone from long ago. His leader, commander. Commanders.
The way back doesn't matter... try to leave, try to disobey, and your collar ends the journey faster than you can say, "begin again."
We'll see.
If it isn't the clever one. What do you want?
Something needs to die.
The Sierra Madre. Mmm... beauty, isn't she. She the one who invited you here?
Or maybe you didn't catch her voice on the radio. Woke up, confused, like some of the others. Least you're still breathing.
Just because I work in entertainment, doesn't mean I'm a moron.
I'm in. If that's all, let's head out.
I know what's out there. It's why I've planted a mine field, shotguns, and explosives all the way on the road to my little boudoir here.
Tourists, you bet. They don't stay long... and they don't stay alive long.
Where did they come from?
You shoot them, they get back up. You stab them, they get back up.
Always in the mood for another drink. What's the recipe?
Good, well done... now, for the festivities, and your parts in all this.
The owner of the Sierra Madre... for whatever reason... keyed the Grand Opening to the Gala Event itself.
The real work? What was this, a warm-up?
No... ths is a heist of the centuries. We're not plundering the Sierra Madre - we're plundering history, taking from the Old World itself.
What is the Gala Event?
Who are you?
You better have brought enough meat. I can feel Dog's teeth tearing at my ribs, hungry to get out.
You're good at fetching... this should keep him where he belongs. For now. I'll wait... send the signal, we'll be ready.
Sure does like to make a presentation... wish he'd keep it down, or else the Ghost People are going to swarm the gates, Vera Hologram or no.
Ghost in name and image. Still a looker, though. Got to hand it to Sinclair, sure can pick 'em. Well or get picked. Whichever.
So made the introductions, and guess what? He builds this place for her, like some kind of Cleopatra obsession. Wasn't always a deathtrap.
Didn't think much of our chances, now I'm thinking I was wrong. What's the next step?
I'd shed a tear, but I'm sure we'll be chatting again.
But listen... when this thing goes off, try and get into the Sierra Madre without me? You'll wish you hadn't.
Yeah, "thumbs up" - you better appreciate it.
This is what the Old World stood for, even with bombs about to rain down on them. Now look at it.
I don't want you to be under anyone's control, even mine.
How did you get up there?
Not much help against the ghosts, still, if you're about to give up, call it quits? Throw it to me so I can eat a bullet first.
Would have been the biggest heist in history. Sinclair left holding the bag. Ruined.
Now we finish the job. Rob the Sierra Madre, rip out its heart. Last chapter of Frederick Sinclair, close the book.
You did? Looks like even the Old World can't keep you out when you've got a mind to get in.
You ready? The sequence is: "Begin." "Again." "Let." "Go."
I... never mind. Let me get the vault open... "Begin again... but know when to let go." Sounds like you.
"Begin again - but know when to let go."
"Begin again, but know when to let go." Let's see what happens.
After that... I wandered, alone. Saw the storms of the Divide, walked among the Ciphers of the West. Traveled to the Big Empty.
Dog forgot himself, as did the voice that raged within him. After their passing, a new voice spoke within the mutant's shell.
I think only Caesar can lead the Legion. I've never met anyone who could take his place. I couldn't. I never had a mind for logistics.
This type of .45 Automatic pistol was designed by one of my tribe almost four hundred years ago. Learning its use is a New Canaanite rite of passage.
I was a translator years ago, but it's hard to keep up with all of the tribal variations.
Mostly it's the mountain Bighorners - whole herd of them up on the cliffs there. Usually they're not too aggressive, but lately... hoo!
I like your bear glove. Where can I get one?
You don't want to leave Zion. You'd rather kill every last one of the White Legs.
Well, I'm guessing you're pretty mad about something.
Daniel believes that if we leave, if the Sorrows leave, the White Legs will stop. He doesn't understand what this kind of tribe is like.
And what kind of tribe is that?
He's not the kind to let his subordinates do all the killing. No, he likes to have a hand in it, with that spear of his.
You are kind to offer, but no, there's nothing you can do. We don't use chems, but I learned long ago that I'm immune to their effects.
Exposing my body to the air is like living through it again. But it's better to be clean than comfortable.
I traveled along the Long 15 and followed 89 south into Arizona. Along the way, I met two men from a group called the Followers of the Apocalypse.
Edward Sallow and Bill Calhoun. They came to teach the tribes. Calhoun was a good man. Edward was the one who got us into trouble down the road.
We did, and the Blackfoots were friendly enough at first, but eventually... I've thought back to that day so many times I must have mistranslated.
Something must have been mixed up, because the Blackfoots decided we weren't going to leave. The rest is history, assuming Edward hasn't changed it.
The White Legs were able to reach us here, but it's only because Zion is close to the Long 15. They can't pursue us east of here. It's too wild.
Throughout our history, we have called many places Zion. This valley is full of God's beauty, but it's just a place. Zion is more than this.
If we sacrifice grace for a piece of land, we may live in this valley, but we will no longer dwell in Zion. It's better for us to leave now.
They're hateful savages who live only to plunder and destroy. Their leader is a devil called Salt-Upon-Wounds.
We lost the Tar Walkers. And the Crazy Horns. We did our best, but we made mistakes. We paid for them, but they paid more.
I'd like to get out from under that debt someday. Until then, it's enough to stop ourselves from getting deeper in the hole.
Really? You think so? Hoo! I'm going to do it. After all this is over, I'm going to go explore civilization!
Prepare to meet your maker.
If what you believe is true, he'll pay for it later. The Sorrows don't need to see you do this.
I want to take from them what they took from me, from my family. In this life. I want them to suffer. I want all of them to die in fear and pain.
Sometimes I tell myself  that these wild fires never stop burning. But I'm the one who starts them. Not God. Not them.
I was a sheriff, believe it or not, for a small town far to the west of here.
The short version is that sometimes justice is a little slow, and I helped speed it up one too many times.
I understand that Cooke was behind it all. I kept my head down the whole time. Didn't want any part of it.
Assuming an NCR pardon comes with the job - and it had better - I'll also need to be able to do  things my own way.
What, my Pip-Boy?
Are you sure? I'm a good listener. Got the ears for it.
I'm sometimes called a "Courier."
And you return, as curious as a teddy bear. Are you stuck in a looping gesture of greeting?
"Looping gesture of greeting?"
Doesn't that prove you're wrong?
Are you... my brain?
There's no need to be sarcastic. Meeting your own brain is a slightly odd event.
I thought I'd save everyone some time and just kill you.
Your Brain
Not in Goodsprings, no. But if you're up for a little scavenging, there's always the schoolhouse.
The New California Republic. Bunch of settlers and soldiers coming in from the West, fixing on making Nevada  their own.
They've been holding off this other group from the East, too.
A little bit ago the convicts there staged a coup, killed the guards that weren't able to escape, and have been ransacking the area since then.
Hello there. It's good to see a friendly face. Almost took you for a raider, I did. Name's Malcolm. Malcolm Holmes.
It started off innocently enough. I was  traveling, as I often do, and happened to observe you picking up one of those blue-star caps.
Ahhh! Please don't kill me, I swear I'll have - wait. You... you don't work for Mr. Bishop, do you?
You're with the NCR, right?
Uh... no. No. They're gonna think I'm having trouble letting go. They're good soldiers. I don't give them enough credit.
On better days I help keep the peace. Boone and Vargas watch the road, I watch the town. Tell myself I'm doing some good.
Hey hey, back for seconds, huh?
I'm looking for a little R&R.
How are you today? Santiago is fabulous!
More of the usual. We're keeping an eye on the troopers to make sure they don't do anything stupid.
Blake is where, exactly?
Not the kind of things you like to see go missing.
Seen them grow from a single town - Shady Sands - into the republic. They've done good for the most part.
Actually, do you want to tag along with me?
Raul, I think I need to head on without you.
Civilizing Primm will show what we can do for everyone else in these territories.
Sure, boss.
Where to, pardner?
Hey, here is that gun I promised you. I suggest using it while they are talking, I'm pretty sure they're going to kill you after they've talked.
Redundant Failsafe Detonator
Worth the gamble - now for the hard way.
And so the Courier who had cheated death in the cemetery outside Goodsprings cheated death once again, and the Mojave Wasteland was forever changed.
The New California Republic celebrated its second victory at Hoover Dam, establishing definitive control over the entire Mojave Wasteland.
Make up your damn mind.
I've run with some tough gangs, but I gotta admit they add got nothing on the Legion. I hear they stick you up on poles and it takes awhile to die.
Be careful. You may want to talk to Lieutenant Hayes.
He's in a tent down the road. Just stay on the west side of the overpass if you don't want to get shot.
Wait - you're that courier. Hey. know what Boxcars needs, friend? Some fucking pain relief!
Yes, but you're on a short leash.
Fair enough. Maybe one day I'll have your complete trust, and I can be on a long leash. A girl can dream.
Corporal Betsy's coming to you to fix her brain. It's not workng right.
I'm just another Wasteland wanderer. Why the suspicion?
You've got a sharp eye on you. I take it you like guns, huh? Question is, can you handle more than just a weapon...
What's that about knowing how to handle more than just a weapon?
We ain't ordinary, are we? See, I pack good brass up with slow-burning powder, then cap it with a heavy semiwadcutter bullet.
That's how you make .44 ammo that'll put the fear of the heavens on any waster that dare cross your path.
So long, warrior.
Schematics - .44 Magnum, Hand Load
And that my employer is paying me a pretty penny to loot it.
This slave is wearing a standard issue slave collar.
<Strenght, Repair or Science> Trigger explosion
<Repair 50> Deactivate the collar
What can I do about that?
Tell you what. I'll pay you for what you did, but I'll do you one better, too.
There's a move we have in the Rangers for knocking an opponent off his feet. Saved my butt a bunch of times, maybe it will for you too.
You see that you and I are of a different stripe, don't you? We don't have to dream that we're important. We are.
Ready to try your luck?
Luck's about to change, I can feel it.
You're the talk of the day around the casino tables.
Step up to the tables, let's see what you got.
I've heard about you.
Almost outta caps...
Roulette, blackjack, slots... they have it all here.
Such a small thing, isn't it? And yet so... capacious. So very dear.
I hear Benny got force-fed a little slice of heaven. Man what I would have paid to see that loathesome little weasel eat it.
Why is surplus ammo not good?
What makes the surplus ammo inferior?
Special ammo includes things like armor-piercing bullets which don't hurt the target as much but let you punch through armor easier.
There's also hollow point bullets which have the opposite effect - you can kill unarmored targets easier, but they don't do shit against armor.
How may I serve your Legion, Caesar?
Down the hill, at the west edge of camp, is an old building. It was here when the Fort was taken in 2277.
When Paladin Ramos informed me that Veronica was approaching with an outsider in tow, at first I didn't know what to think.
Report anything you find to me, and we'll move from there.
We're a tiny splinter from a shrinking group. We don't take on new members. But we're still picking fights with the big boys.
Sorry about that. Just because I love them doesn't mean some of them aren't assholes.
Now that the datastore is fixed, what do you think of Hardin trying to get McNamara dismissed?
This little stunt is probably what got them killed in the first place. Out normal patrol routes are known to be relatively safe.
Don't get me wrong, he's a good man, but Elder McNamara's done all right by us. If it weren't for him, none of us would have survivied at HELIOS.
And those involved crimes that someone like Elder McNamara is just not capable of. You can look it up for yourself, if you want.
That place was hardly defensible, and we knew the NCR was moving in on us, but the Elder refused to budge, insisting that he just needed "more time".
Elder Elijah was nowhere to be found, so McNamara took charge and led what remained of us on a counter-offensive west.
We lost a lot of men and women, but we broke through and made it here. Make no mistake, McNamara saved this chapter that day.
That they have not responded to this violence shows either an unwillingness or inability to properly defend their borders, which is telling.
...So now I'm going to have your death on my conscience, too. Great.
Maybe you misheard me.
I've been trying to get the Elder to send out scouts for years, and he's always been resistant to the idea. Said they'd be a vulnerability.
I could hardly call myself Head Paladin if I didn't. It's one of the first things every initiate learns when they start training. What about it?
One of the few times an Elder was dismissed was due to it.
I could be wrong, but I think that's a dead end. McNamara's always followed orders, and we've been incommunicado since fleeing HELIOS.
Right the first time, ugly. I've come to kill you.
They say those robots on the Strip are running around with different faces or something. Don't ask, because I don't know...
Pleasure doing business with you.
Well, it's about about damn time. What took you... oh.
I've been in the Reaper's shadow for a long time now, and I thought he'd finally showed up to collect. He's just mocking me now.
Yeah, you do that.
Just let me know if you're available for the op. After what they did to Searchlight, they have a shitstorm coming.
I'll give you some caps for each one you bring back to me. There's an old rifle in it for you if you can bring me at least 10.
Oh and take these radiation supplies. You'll need them.
You aren't feral, are you?
Couldn't you tell? That damn radiation bomb got me. I can't serve the NCR like this...
Doesn't mean he isn't suffering, or that he won't go feral eventually.
If he's a ghoul he should be put down. I can't let a rabid dog suffer.
Is there somewhere else he can go?
I'll go ask him about it.
Good luck with that.
The weir dest one has to be the Great Khans and their trained Deathclaws at Foxtrot. These reports can't be accurate. Can they?
Maybe fifty rangers wil die on that dam. We lose over a thousand troopers every year. Being here is crazy. Getting out's the only sane thing to do.
But you're inventing your own intelligence reports. I've seen the logs and talked to the rangers.
It took some people getting killed to realize I had gone too far. I had to stop.
That shot came from the Chief's office!
At least with the lockdown lifted I'll be able to resupply my store more often. So what are you here for?
Your Pip-Boy has received a signal telling you to continue up this pass.
How can I best use your skills?
I just think we should right now.
What are you planning to do once you have the specs?
You're resourceful. That machine, robot with you - can help you find the warheads you need to destroy... and their trigger, the detonator.
You and that machine, are all that remains of NCR here... rest fell to radiation, fire... and what burrows below.
All due respect sir, I think you're making a mistake. We're close to a breakthrough with the Duraframe Eyebots, I can feel it! Yes, sir.
Yeah, I'm beginning to see where you get it from.
That was a .308 round. Probably hand-loaded - that would have destroyed most robots your size.
Elevator to the Temple
What happened at the Divide, what I did, was an accident. What you're doing - it's madness.
Even if you have no faith in the NCR, I do. My actions have proven it.
Don't get me wrong - the NCR's got a lot of decent folk in it. It's just that they make you part of them whether you like it or not.
Can you repair my stuff by chance?
You are too weak to use this weapon.
You are too inexperienced to use this weapon.
You are too weak and inexperienced to use this weapon.
Sign says you go south... just look for the rollercoaster. Oh and don't go north, a caravan just got sacked up the road.
The mine was broken when disarmed.
You should talk to Lieutenant Hayes. He's in a tent down the road. Just stay on the west side of the overpass if you don't want to get shot.
I'm Lieutenant Hayes of the New California Republic Army, 5th Battalion, 1st Company. What's your business?
I'm Sergeant McGee of the New California Republic Army, 5th Battalion, 1st Company. If you want to talk about something, speak to Lieutenant Hayes.
Aaron Kimball, the president of the New California Republic, is going to visit Hoover Dam to "boost morale."
So I finally get to meet the courier who's caused so much trouble for the New California Republic.
Welcome to Vegas, capital of the sixth state of the New California Republic!
What's the New California Republic?
As a young man I was taught to venerate President Tandi of Shady Sands. "The Founding Mother of the New California Republic."
The New California Republic's got the most power in Nevada. Money, troops, you name it.
This? This is - or was - the big house. The New California Republic Correctional Facility. Not much "correcting" went on here, just slave labor.
It is because of men and women like Private First Class Jeremy Watson that Nevada and the New California Republic remain free and secure.
Private First Class Jeremy Watson, on behalf of the senate and people of the New California Republic,
It is my pleasure to introduce to you. The President of the New California Republic, Aaron Kimball!
beneath the flag of the New California Republic, dedicated to Old World values of democracy and the rule of law.
Clanden, under the authority of the New California Republic, I place you under arrest for murder.
Where do you come from that you haven't heard of the NCR? Nevermind, it doesn't matter much.
Well, it's no secret. Our interest here is twofold.
Then I bid you "Vale" - until we meet again.
Heard you helped out Jackson, thanks for that. Caravans are still waiting for clearance to move out, but at least there's movement.
What are those statues of?
Hey, you're not a ghoul!
Well... that was a bit messier than I would have liked. Was there anything else?
Go right ahead, trooper.
To be frank, I have no idea. I leave the fighting to Colonel Hsu, and I expect him to leave the science to me.
Too many people have opinions on things they know nothing about. And the more ignorant they are, the more opinions they have.
Back home we don't waste time talking to strangers, either.
The Strip ain't nothing but a monster. Chews folks up, sucks out their caps, and spits 'em back out.
I sat down at a roulette table with my life savings. An hour later, it was gone.
Our guys put the Monorail back to work!
I won big my first night on the Strip. I kept chasing that feeling. Right into the gutter.
I came east to strike it rich, and now I'm broker than ever. What do I tell my family back home?
Go ahead.
Tell you what. I'll pay for what you did, but I'll do you one  better, too.
Don't worry, I won't have you lashed to a cross like the rest of these degenerates. It's useful that you happened by.
I want you to witness the fate of the town of Nipton, to memorize every detail. And then, when you move on?
I want you to teach everyone you meet the lesson that Caesar's Legion taught here, especially any NCR troops you run across.
I am Vulpes Inculta, of Caesar's Legion. I serve my master as the greatest of his Frumentarii.
What can be said? He's a man of towering intellect, the founder of the Legion, conquerer of 86 tribes.
Don't worry, you'll know him well when you serve him. Or you'll be dead.
First up was the "lucky losers." They got decapitated - guess that's "lucky" 'cause it's pretty quick.
Clear out the critters on the road to Ivanpah Lake.
Don't mistake that for coward talk, though. We're a town of survivors. We'll fight tooth and nail if pushed, but we don't go looking for trouble.
The Brotherhood is failing. I've always known that. If we don't change course, we're going to fall apart or... fade away.
I think you should know something about Benny.
Really? You got something to say about the big boss, huh? Well, why don't you say it to his face instead of yapping at me?
I found this lighter in Boulder City. He dropped it when he killed his partners.
Seems a little mean to use his invitation against him like that, but I'm sure it's all for the best!
Sure, I'll keep an eye out.
What other entertainment is there on the Strip?
I am the greatest of Caesar's Frumentarii. It was not a challenge to find you. Nor is this my first visit to the Strip.
You've been a busy courier, haven't you? You take your obligation to deliver a package very seriously - an ethic for which I am grateful.
I will admit, when you ignored my invitation, I predicted... negative outcomes. But - you have a way of exceeding expectations, don't you?
First Recon's at Camp Forlorn Hope. Now we've got a chance to hold it.
[SUCCEEDED] Oh! Why, uh, of course! I would never let you fight my kidnappers with my help. Uh, without it! You lead the way!
I'm going to help Ringo take on the Powder Gangers. I might need your help.
However, between you, me, and Ringo, we aren't exactly a force to be reckoned with. A lot of people around here look up to Trudy.
Finally, there's a good chance we'll all end up with extra holes in us, so if Doc Mitchell could cough up some extra stimpaks, that'd be great.
Grrr! Lily smash! Haha.
My request is perfectly reasonable. Give us the Stealth Boy specs and there will be no need for us to splatter the room with your insides.
Nice work with the Nightkin. I've never seen anyone able to talk their kind out of anything once they had their mind set to it.
I believe in the NCR, but that doesn't make it right for them to roll over anyone who doesn't want any part of 'em.
A friend in Sloan told me to come to you about some chemical supplies.
...Relax. I'm fucking with you.
You have a very bright future ahead of you. Thanks to your actions today, so does the rest of mankind.
I'm here for Melody's bear.
That's okay, I'll fix him! Can I have him now?
Not so fast. What will you give me for him?
You can't sprint with your legs crippled!
Wow! You really pulled the wool over his eyes!
But you're going to cut the price to 250 because I'm just that charming, right?
We've outlasted the end of the world. We'll outlast these upstarts.
Waiting in a hole for everyone else to die.
This is a dead end for us.
I see no evidence of that. Nor do I see anyone out there with a solution to our problems.
In order to maintain the peace, and adhere to the strictures of the lockdown, I need to send someone else to discover what happened to them.
Should our worst fears become realized, please bring back all three of the holotapes from the patrols. Otherwise, bring our brothers home.
Why should I trust you?
How do you propose to do that?
I'd slap him around, but he stood at my parents' wedding.
Plus he used to make excuses to get me out of my punishment when I'd slept through Head Scribe Taggart's lectures. Figure I owe him for that.
The Brotherhood's strategy for survival worked back when we had a larger force, and no organized enemies.
I'm with you. Being around here isn't the same anymore.
The word came down from the Elder that I'm to offer you some of our lesser wares, as if I didn't have other matters on my mind.
I've got it right here.
This presents a bit of a problem. Jack isn't allowed to leave Nellis, and I doubt she would make it through the artillery alive.
When people have got nothing left, they can always turn to the Followers.
There are so many refugees to care for.
Someone entered the Lucky 38. That's never happened before.
The Followers are always on the look out for new friends like yourself.
I didn't know the Brotherhood had any people out here.
The Securitrons in and around the Strip have been upgraded. It's almost like Vegas has an army now.
Medicine's running low again.
Someone killed Benny, the Chairmen's bigshot, in his own casino. Violence begets violence...
I have no idea how most of these people would survive without us.
All that wealth is wasted on the Strip. There are people in Freeside who need food and medicine.
I appreciate how you've been helping us so far.
Keep an eye out for trouble.
Did you see the monorail explode? The destruction was absolute.
That is one battered Eyebot. It's a miracle it's still functioning.
Wish the Followers would get me some better armor.
If you'Ve seen half the things I've seen out in the Wasteland, I can't say I blame you. I might be able to help with that.
I finished the Crimson Caravan run.
So long as the Khans keep making it, I keep getting high.
You hear about this courier doing shit around the Strip? Like what, delivering mail?
Primm is going to be much tougher to push around with that new sheriff down there.
People all scared of those robots on the Strip since they changed. Like who needs the Strip anyway?
You see a Ranger in black, run the other way. Take you out from a quarter mile off.
A flying robot? Man, I must be fucked up.
I hear they are led by a guy caling himself Motor-Runner. I think he is in one of the other wings, although I haven't seen him myself.
My buddy saw some sort of elite ranger squad the other day. They took out his group from a quarter mile off.
I finished the Vault 3 run.
Me, specifically? No. I'm sure Julie Farkas does, though. Lab coat, pointy hair. Answers to the name "Julie Farkas," strangely enough.
No worries. My guy will be here soon enough, just wait.
Fixer is for pansies!
Also, I would like to extend an invitation to join the Followers of the Apocalypse.
I think I can handle that for you.
Tell you what. Bring us those suits, and you can come with us while we loot the town. You can keep a share.
It's about damn time. You ready to go?
Price is being held by the NCR.  A Ranger replaced him.
I took care of the Ranger.
Okay, you can have ED-E for a little bit.
This is excellent news. I'll send him back to you soon.
I know where to hit you where it hurts the most.
I... don't know how to thank you for bringing Rhonda back to me, stranger.
Too bad I got this ironclad contract with the Garrets. They'll never let me out of it.
I've been around a while. Currently working for the Followers as a gun for hire, but it's getting rather dull.
That's a bit cryptic, Beatrix.
I'm in the market for something a little unusual.
Well done. The Boomers' firepower may prove an advantage when the battle for Hoover Dam comes around.
Your history of aggression towards the NCR has rendered you useless in this concern, unable to influence the outcome of events.
Consequently, I have to "wait and see" what happens. It's... grotesque.
I don't want no whining about "Oh, Mr. Masterson, I left my one-of-a-kind plasma cannon back at base, can we go back for it?"
Well I'll be. I was starting to lose hope we'd be able to get any of this, much less all of it. Tribals are smart but... well, they're ignorant.
These supplies are a godsend, but if we're going to evacuate Zion without drawing more White Leg attention, I need you to go back into the valley.
Even if I trusted you, I'd not share my secrets just for your pretty face, stranger.
You can't help but notice that the Brotherhood barely exists to these people out here. We're like an urban myth. No real presence on the Outside.
We just don't adapt like we should. Used to be that all you needed to get your way was a suit of power armor and a laser rifle.
The Brotherhood is living in the past. Eventually they'll have to change.
Machetes at twenty paces, hey? I accept your challenge.
I know where you live Ramos. Open up.
You were the last one to check out the missing laser pistol, right.
A free woman. It's... been awhile since I've seen a woman who wasn't a slave. I forget myself - are you injured?
Is that guard position still available?
I was able to convince the Omerta thugs that crossing the Legion was unwise.
If you haven't noticed, the NCR bolsters its presence on the Strip from here. Sends troopers on the monorail in shifts.
At first I couldn't believe my luck. But since I haven't produced results - for obvious reasons - I feel him looking at me differently now.
Colonel Hsu really knows what he's doing. Now if only someone'd explain that to ol' General Wait-and-See Oliver...
Private Crenshaw. He's dead now.
He confessed it to me. Right before he died.
Hsu bought it. You should be in the clear.
When you move on, teach everyone you meet the lessons Caesar's Legion taught here. Especially any NCR troops you run across.
It's not quite the same as making you luckier, but you'll be able to nudge things your way more often. I can do the implant for 4,000 caps.
Looking to elevate his social status, is he?
Unfortunately, the trap my subordinates set for him failed. And as he escaped, he saw their faces. Now he's wary.
Mmm. Yes. He was none too pleased when he discovered who we took. The boy is in the freezer, back through the kitchen.
So you're a rancher?
Now everywhere I go, folks I never even met shake my hand and call me "Mr. Gunderson." Don't quite know what to make of that.
Let of people out there resent success, might wanna take a swipe at me. This makes them think twice.
There was an investigator who came through here last week. He'd been hired by a young man whose bride-to-be went missing during their stay here.
I'm investigating someone else. A man. And he just recently went missing.
Is there any way I could talk to the investigator?
I've heard your group dines on human flesh.
I can assure you that the only thing the White Glove Society is guilty of is preparing the tastiest cuisine you'll ever sample.
That is, of course, if you can afford it.
<Lie> I, too, know what it is to feel the Craving. How can I support your cause?
I'm in a bind. I've been planning an exquisite Society dinner, but there's a bit of a problem with the main course.
He's got a powerful and temperamental father.
[Attack] He's the least of your problems right now, cannibal.
I think you have the wrong person for this job.
He cut ties with his family and left their estate to wander. He was ideal. Corn-fed and well-to-do, but no one to miss him if he were to disappear.
I asked for a last-minute replacement. And they stole the son of the most dangerous Brahmin baron in New Vegas while he stayed at this very hotel.
Needless to say, this could be a disaster if things aren't put back the way they should be. And I still need somebody reputable to serve for dinner.
Strictly speaking, we're no longer allowed to eat people. But I'm hoping the right person and preparation might sway Marjorie to see things my way.
I need a replacement, and I need the boy taken care of. The replacement must be healthy and well-bred. One can't very well make steak from gristle.
Wouldn't putting St. Clair's body into a dumpster give it a terrible taste?
Not this one. Empty. I don't believe it's seen use since before the war.
And what would the point be, really? Who would pick up his trash if he used it?
But for our purposes, it should keep his body safe and hidden until my cohorts can recover it.
Ted Gunderson is his name. It would be simplest if we could convince him this was all an unfortunate misunderstanding.
But if he won't listen, we can't very well let him go. He'll have to be slaughtered and served. Then we wouldn't need the replacement.
But you would need to deal with his father, Heck. Perhaps if you could smear some of Ted's blood around his father's hotel room, you could frame him.
Couldn't Heck just claim intruders killed his son?
No. Everyone he meets, he tells the same story. That his son disappeared from the casino, not from his room. He'll look guilty.
You done right by me. I appreciate it.
You know, if you knew what you were doing I coulda been out of there hours ago.
Any word as to our arrangement?
Just as I asked. What a magnificent relief! By now, barring any more bungling, my underlings should have him on his way here.
Did you succeed in turning the White Glove Society back to cannibalism?
We'll know after tonight's banquet at 7 o'clock. I'll only be telling everyone what they've eaten after they've eaten it.
I certainly did. Philippe created an extraordinary amuse bouche from the flesh of the late Mr. St. Clair.
Everyone at the banquet loved it! I told them what it was and the room was quiet for a moment, but then we all had a hearty laugh.
What's next, now that the White Glove Society has tasted human flesh again?
Will you serve human flesh at the Gourmand?
I don't care for their incivility or the hodgepodge of sporting equipment that passes for fashion with them.
I won't destroy the Brotherhood of Steel.
I'll destroy the Brotherhood.
Seriously, let's talk about your health.
I thank you for saving my life. You're a warrior and a healer - a rare combination.
It's none of your business.
You're the boss.
So, you must be the Courier the reports mentioned. Pass this message on to your commander - Hoover Dam will not fall while I still draw breath.
Surrender, general. The dam is almost taken.
That's exactly why I'm here, General Oliver.
This doesn't have to end in bloodshed, general.
The Legion has more men on their way as well.
There's still time. You could escape. I won't stop you.
Then let's stop wasting time, shall we?
And what about your duty to your men?
What's weapon mods? And why's the ammo special?
We do. Though the White Legs destroyed New Canaan, they didn't destroy all of our supply caches.
Can't say they seem that dangerous to me, but Joshua says they "won the West."
BEWARE - A VENGEFUL SPIRIT STALKS THESE CANYONS
You are the courier Lord Caesar has spoken of. The slaughter begins, then.
How do you propose we deal with NCR?
I'll see what I can do to convince him the Dam belongs to us.
This slaughter pleases me. No act is more sacred than consecrating a site in the blood of one's enemies.
Caesar entered The Strip as though it was his Triumph. The Legion pushed the NCR out of New Vegas entirely, driving them back to the Mojave Outpost.
Caesar honored him with a golden coin, minted in celebration of his contributions and distributed throughout the wasteland.
Caesar honored her with a golden coin, minted in celebration of her contributions and distributed throughout the wasteland.
Not understanding the gravity of the Legion's imminent takeover of Primm, Sheriff Primm Slim valiantly attempts to resist Caesar's will.
Allow me to introduce myself! I'm the Securitron that dug you up in the bone orchard outside Goodsprings.
Is there anything more beautiful than a beautiful busty brahmin riding a caraveneer off into the sunset... Wait I don't think that came out right.
My youngers think our guns can keep out the world, but I think we need to let it in, just a little, or become its victim.
But... Of course. It's all right. Thank you.
(Optional) Find a way to disgrace Karl in front of Papa Khan.
That's close enough. What do you want with the Great Khans?
Wish I had a First Recon guy looking after me.
'Cause they know I ain't just barking here. What I say's got bite, 'cause it's the truth.
No-bark Noonan
Have you tried calling him hurtful names?
You sure talk tough for someone who's afraid to die.
And if you can't go through with it, you look even weaker.
We got ourselves a little Ranger family reunion now. Time's right for a feud.
I'd gladly fight at your side.
You ever think about being a Ranger?
You got my respect.
Those beasts drug the rest of the men away. Oh God, I hope they don't come back for me.
You have, have you? Misdirection. When you're pinned down, outnumbered, and two days from any help, it's just about the best friend you can have.
Go on. Go fetch a ranger and do this right.
Help Dr. Richards with his patients.
Hanlon was the one sending out the false reports. He killed himself rather than turning himself in.
It seems that the territories are about to blow up.
We get called on to end it. I've had my share. Some of them, you think, maybe you could've gotten them out.
Maybe it's not the Legion that got them killed. Maybe it's your orders and you following them.
No. People die out there. Often enough that no one worries about blame. They're too anxious to forget it happened in the first place, I guess.
Besides. I was on break when it happened.
Ranger here - where's the fight?
You're lucky I happened to be nearby.
Curtis? He's been in the NCR long before our conflict with the Legion. There's just no way...
You know, if you were serving, you'd probably be halfway to general by now.
From here on out, we fight for Chief Hanlon.
There's other places to go.
Are you an outlaw now?
I'm going to find you.
So you refused to deliver the Chip - what, to set me up to die?
If you wanted me dead, why did you wait?
Kimball, Caesar, House... you'd think their whole world was that wall, cutting the Colorado. If I'd never laid eyes on it, never spoke of it...
[Black Widow] Is it wrong to want a guy who'd shoot me in the head?
More than you ever dreamed, baby.
I dig this crazy slang!
Trips to the basement are rarely so educational, don't you think?
I'm listening.
You want me to kill Caesar?
I don't want you harming a hair on that man's head - assuming you can find one.
I'm not surprised. The Legion has spies on the Strip.
An NCR welcome to you.
So you've been sucked into the decadence of the Strip as well, have you?
Personal space meaning anything to you, guy?
Personal space meaning anything to you, lady?
Got the whiskey, let's do this.
I'm getting real tired of talking.
Restart the 2 array generators, then reset the main power breaker.
Once a republican, always a republican.
Watch out where you exit. Sewers can lead you to Fiend territory.
There's always more next day.
That was a good day for The Thorn.
Going to eat the next fucking rat I see.
Quartermaster Mayes
Search Corpse
That red beret's looking good, soldier.
Doesn't matter. Your time's up, Hanlon.
Oliver can't stand that rangers got credit for victory at Hoover. Whatever I recommend, he does the opposite. I said I wanted them on the ridge.
He put them right on the western part of the dam itself. We don't have enough firepower to hold that spot.
If the troopers fallback, and they will, the rangers will advance to cover Oliver's retreat. We lose the dam, Oliver and the senate are ruined.
[Black Widow] How about you and I come to another arrangement. It'll be worth it - trust me.
Well, it has been a while. All right, let's do this.
Don't leave a trail.
I'll... I'm sure something good.
Lead the way.
Here you go. I hope this helps.
You find out somethin' about them soldier boys yet?
The King just sent a messenger over, saying these guys are off-limits. He's probably already heard about what you did here.
Things have been lots better since you helped with with those soldier boys. Thanks again. So what can I do for you?
Freedom? Thank God Frank thinks we're enslaved.
So, are you a cannibal?
You'll get these back on your way out.
<Lie> Yeah, I do, and it's time for you to suffer!
Yes, but you're not coming with me.
It was more like... being forced to watch something you can't stop.
Maybe you're willing to listen to reason.
This battle is decided, that's why I am here.
Well... except Vegas.
It is not the strength of the West that will slow you, it is their weakness.
NCR's weakness is its size - it'll take your entire army to hold the West.
I don't believe this means we'll see the last of you - or the Legion.
If the West is one day filled with ones such as you, perhaps it shall be a worthy fight, indeed.
You speak in circles - what of the East? I am the East, and I will prove it this day.
If you need all the East to crush the West...
I'm sorry, you shouldn't have to see me like this. I'm not gonna be very good company right now.
I did have another thing to teach, but I'll understand if you'd rather I just pay you so you can be on your way.
If you let the hostages free now, maybe the NCR would just let you go.
A bunch of degenerate slavers, led by a madman who calls himself Caesar. Every one of them is a barbarian to the last.
I've even heard one of their leaders, the Legate or something, goes around with a human skull on his head. Savages to the last.
Most people just call it NCRCF. That's NCR Correctional Facility.
I'll be back with the caps.
Fancy-pants? No, I ain't seen hide-nor-hair of him since the tussle in Goodsprings. I'm sure he ran back to the soft-living of New Vegas, 'though.
I don't. I was just trying to get myself out of trouble.
I heard someone's been breaking in here at night. Looks like it's you.
Really? And how would you know where I'm supposed to be?
As in chem fiends. Biggest gang of raiders I've ever seen. Nothing like addiction to swell your numbers. Psychotic, and completely unpredictable.
I'm not going to offer money, I wanted to drink for it.
That takes care of that.
I'm glad Ringo's back. Got a good story to tell, too.
2500 caps? I'm doing you a favor by paying you now. I doubt you were expected to survive this.
You want to buy some chems from my personal stash?
Someone is targeting us, I'm gonna kill that fucker when I find out who did it.
Talk to the idiot wearing sunglasses in the back of the HELIOS One plant building.
I should've taken the Fiend's head for myself.
As we've done with the Fiends, we'll kill anyone who resists our fight for peace.
Moving on...
Yes, that's exactly what I'm telling you to do. Move on.
Did you know you have a robot following you?
Howitzer Firing Mechanism
Wastelander
Where is Master? Did he go away? Dog will be good this time.
How Dog hunted back West. For Lou.
Lou... ten... ant? Long ago. Smart. Gave us all things to do. Like watch. And kill. Gone now.
Miss Lou. Miss the Base. Miss the Church. Don't like here. Don't want to talk about it any more, makes head hurt.
Dog and others... had to hide in Base. And Church. The Master was there. Master was... spoke like many people. Smart. Like Lou-Lieutenant.
Vending Machine Code - "Automatic Rifle - Upgraded Internals"
I'm not wearing my dancing shoes, so I walk a little softly now. What, you think I was a Chinaman, come to cut your American throat?
Gold Bar
All right, I'll come back when I'm carrying less than [%] pounds.
Legend goes that Graham was the meanest, toughest son of a bitch in the whole damned Legion.
Turns out Caesar's first war chief, the Malpais Legate, was a New Canaanite. Joshua Graham.
Well at Hoover Dam, the Malpais Legate finally met his match. Hanlon and Oliver kicked his New Canaanite butt right back over the river.
Probably just a tribal ghost story. But New Canaan's been silent for a long time. Maybe it's a coincidence. Maybe the Malpais Legate is dead.
Plasma.
Part of my plan involved automated security for the region.
I see. Yes Man, please throw General Oliver from the Dam.
I've seen worse things happen to better people.
I'm hit!
Nice to see a friendly face around here. We don't get many visitors of your esteem. Something I can do for you.
Hey there. The name's Sexton. Private James Sexton. Welcome to Forlorn Hope.
Don't know about you. but this beats herding Brahmin back in California.
Say I keep Westside's secret - what's in it for me?
This Dazzle must be some girl.
Ugh. Need to tighten up my vises again.
Tell me about the Legate.
I am in the beginning stages of planning out an assault on The Fort. I've made calls to our allies, and they are on their way to our position.
Jimmy? Little Jimmy - my, how you're grown up. So good of you to come visit your grandma.
Who's Jimmy?
If they've proven hard to kill, yes. Whatever it takes to get the job done, even if it means hiring help from outside the military.
What's been going on in the rest of the wasteland?
You manage to get most of the robot's systems operational.
Investigate the source of the Black Mountain Radio broadcast.
Collect Deathclaw Eggs
Box of Bandages
Soldering Iron
Grill
Medical supplies remaining:
Rad supplies remaining:
Add Supplies
Select the medical supplies you wish to add.
Current medical supplies:
Current rad supplies:
Med-X
Med-X.
Add 2 Stimpaks
Add 4 Med-X
Add 1 Doctor's Bag
Add 2 RadAway
Add 4 Rad-X
Your Hunger level has increased.
Your Hunger level has decreased.
Your radiation level has increased.
Your radiation level has decreased.
You no longer have radiation sickness.
(Newtral)
(Accepted)
(Liked)
(Idolized)
(Shunned)
(Mixed)
(Smiling Troublemaker)
(Good-Natured Rescal)
(Hated)
(Sneering Punk)
(Unpredictable)
(Dark Hero)
(Vilified)
(Merciful Thug)
(Soft-Hearted Devil)
(Wild Child)
Just good, honest infantry work! You do 25% more damage with 9mm and .45 Auto Pistols and SMGs, Service Rifles, Assault and Marksman Carbines, Light Machine Guns, Frag Grenades, Light Machine Guns, Frag Grenades, Grenade Rifles and Launchers, and Combat Knives.
Just good, honest infantry work! You do 20% more damage with 9mm and .45 Auto Pistols and SMGs, Service Rifles, Assault Carbines, Battle Rifles, Light Machine Guns, Frag Grenades, Grenade Rifles and Launchers, and Combat Knives.
The Flamer that burns twice as bright burns half as long. All weapons have +3% chance to Critically Hit, but equipment condition decays 15% faster.
Perception affects your accuracy with ranged weapons. A high Perception grants a bonus to the Explosives, Lockpick and Energy Weapons skills.
Charisma determines the size of your Party and companion Nerve. Having high Charisma improves people's disposition toward you, and give bonuses to both the Barter and Speech skills.
Agility affects your Guns and Sneak skills. It also determines your reload speed, movement speed, and the number of Action Points available for V.A.T.S.
Agility affects your Guns and Sneak skills, how long you can sprint, and the number of Action Points available for V.A.T.S.
The Survival skill increases the bonuses and healing received from food and drink. It also helps you create consumable items at campfires.
While using Guns and Energy Weapons, you fire 20% more quickly and AP costs are 20% lower, but your shots are 20% less accurate.
You gain +15 lbs. to your carrying capacity, but suffer a -1 to all attributes any time the weight you're carrying drops below 75 lbs.
You're skilled, but not experienced. You gain +5 points to every skill, but you suffer -15% from experience gained from now on.
You take your time to make every trigger pull count. You are 20% more accurate with Guns and Energy Weapons, but you fire them 20% slower and AP costs are 20% higher.
No one's going to put you out to pasture 'cause you're going to stay young (and level 21) forever! You'll never again become addicted to chems, and they'll last twice as long... but after 21 you can kiss experience, perks, and skill points goodbye!
Would you like to experience these unusual events? Once you select an option, you will not be able to change it.
Buy the ticket, take the ride...
I don't believe in aliens!
Hunting is in your blood. Against animals and mutated animals, you deal +75% Critical Damage and are able to gather more meat and hide from their carcasses.
Survival is the mother of invention! You can now craft large batches of junk ammo at reloading benches using Tin Cans and Scrap Metal.
With each rank of this perk, all of your explosive weapons do an additional 10% damage and have a 10% larger explosion radius.
With the Lead Belly perk, you take 50% less radiation when consuming irradiated food and drink. Your stomach is also built to withstand the negative effects of raw meats.
As a Computer Whiz, you have a much easier time narrowing down possible password choices. You can also attempt to re-hack any computer you were previously locked out of.
You do 15% more damage when using any revolver, lever-action firearm, dynamite, knife, or hatchet.
Just good, honest infantry work! You do 20% more damage with 9mm and .45 Auto Pistols and SMGs, Service Rifles, Battle Rifles, Assault Carbines, Light Machine Guns, Frag Grenades, Grenade Rifles and Launchers, and Combat Knives.
With Infiltrator, bobby pins won't break as easily while lockpicking. Better yet, if a lock is  broken, you can attempt to pick it again one more time. This includes locks previously broken by a "Force Lock" attempt.
You have learned the value of careful packing. Items with a weight of 2 or less weigh 25% less for you.
You can intimidate mobs of opponents into fleeing for their lives. You can trigger this merely with your presence, or through dialogue in some situations.
You've discovered a Shotgun technique that has a chance to knock an enemy back. Shotshells with lower pellet counts have a higher chance of knocking the target down.
You're just so excited about plasma that you can't (magnetically) contain yourself! Attack speeds for all plasma weapons (including grenades) are increased by 20% and AP costs are reduced by 20%.
You're more at home under the open stars than under a roof. Any time you sleep in a bed outside, even for a brief nap, you gain the benefits of being Well Rested.
With each rank of the Life Giver perk, you gain an additional 30 Hit Points.
When targeting an opponent's head in V.A.T.S., your accuracy and critical damage are increased by 25%.
Your attacks do 75% less damage to companions, allowing you to liberally spray an area with reckless abandon.
With the Strong Back perk, you can carry 20 more pounds of equipment.
You don't fool around with fancy trick shots. Straight to the midsection and down they go. In V.A.T.S., you do an additional 15% damage with attacks targeting the torso.
The wasteland has taught you some hard lessons, but you've remembered them all. You gain +1% to earned experience per level gained. (For example, +15% experience at level 15.)
You don't take kindly to raiders, junkies, or tribals trying to "settle" or "stay alive" in civilized lands. Against dirty raider and junkie types as well as Zion's tribals, your damage and V.A.T.S. chance to hit are increased by 15%.
You have come to understand Nightstalkers. When fighting Nightstalkers, you've braced yourself for their incoming attacks (+10% DT). Consuming Nightstalker Squeezin's now grant an additional +2 Perception, +10 Sneak, and +20 Poison Resistance.
The Tag! perk allows you to select a fourth Tag skill!
With the Nerves of Steel perk, your Action Points regenerate 20% faster.
You gain a non-addictive subdermal Turbo (chem) injector. This perk may be taken twice, with the second rank increasing the effect from 2 to 3 seconds and the uses per day from 2 to 3. [Activated in the Pip-Boy inventory.]
The wastelander with the most gear wins! (... or at least survives.) You can now carry an additional 30 pounds of gear (stacks with Strong Back perk).
Any time you sleep in a bed, your Rads are reduced by 50 for every hour slept.
With the Rad Absorption perk, your radiation level will drop by 1 every 2 seconds.
You've had lots of close calls. Whenever you finish a fight with less than 25% Health, your Luck increases by +4 for 3 minutes. You are also immune to critical hits, and your own critical hits inflict +50% damage. (Requires Neutral Karma.)
Your storied past has fallen from memory 'cause everyone  thought you died. Your Karma is reset, you inflict +10% damage, and for every 100 points of Karma, you gain 5 Health. You are also 50% less likely to be critically hit. (Requires Good Karma.)
For each crippled limb you have, you do an additional 10% damage.
Your extensive familiarity with Explosives allows you to ignore a portion of their damage. Your Damage Threshold is increased by 25 against any and all Explosives -- even your own.
Your attacks show a lot of finesse. You have an additional 5% chance of inflicting critical hits, but you also deal 15% less damage overall.
In combat, you do +15% damage against female opponents. Outside of combat, you'll sometimes have access to unique dialogue options when dealing with the same sex.
With each rank of this perk, all of your Explosives weapons do an additional 10% damage and have 10% larger area of effect.
You do 20% more damage when using any revolver, lever-action firearm, dynamite, knife, or hatchet.
You gain +10 Damage Threshold against all Melee Weapons and Unarmed attacks and cannot be knocked down in combat.
With the Strong Back perk, you can carry 25 more pounds of equipment.
In combat, you do +15% damage against female opponents. Outside of combat, you'll sometimes have access to unique dialogue options when dealing with the opposite sex.
Cass wants you to supply a dozen bottles of whiskey for her Whiskey Challenge, after which she'll try to drink you under the table.
Your Medicine skill has been permanently increased by 5 points.
The Medicine skill determines how many Hit Points you'll replenish upon using a Stimpak, and the effectiveness of Rad-X, RadAway, and more.
Cowards be damned, the only direction you'll be running is toward the enemy! With this perk, you can keep your weapon out while sprinting.
In all your time as a defensive lineman for your football team back in the vault, you only learned one thing, but you learned it well: How to knock people off their feet. With this perk, you can sprint into enemies to tackle them.
You're obsessed with using a wide variety of conventional firearms. With the Gun Nut perk, Small Guns have 10% less spread!
Years as the Vault little league MVP have honed your hitting and throwing. Your AP costs with melle weapons and grenades are reduced by 10%.
Yeah? What is it?
Growing Up Fast
You're obsessed with using and maintaining a wide variety of conventional firearms. With each rank of the Gun Nut perk, when using a gun, spread is reduced 5% and item condition is increased 10%.
You're obsessed with really big weapons. With each rank of this perk, you gain a 10% boost to accuracy and damage when using heavy weapons.
Your movement speed will be reduced depending on how full your inventory is.
Disables use of your Pip-Boy while enemies are actively looking for you.
As Radiation accumulates, your effective maximum Health will be reduced. You will lose 1% for every 10 RADs gained.
When enabled, food and water sources will no longer restore health. Chems and alcohol are not affected.
Adds additional requirements for Fast Travelling. See 'Fast Travel' page for more options once enabled. If disabling this option, you must change cells for it to take full effect.
Prevents waiting with cripped legs while standing up. Sleeping is unaffected.
Pools of toxic waste found around the wasteland will now inflict constant leg and health damage when stepped in. Power Armor and Radiation Suits will prevent damage.
With the Magnetic Personality perk, you become a fountain of Charisma! Since you're just so likable, you can now recruit an additional companion.  But don't forget, more than 3 is always a crowd.
You're sick of your old friends collecting dust. You do 30% more damage when using BB Guns, Varmint Rifles, Single Shotguns, Caravan Shotguns, or 10mm Pistols and SMGs.
You're just so excited about plasma that you can't (magnetically) contain yourself! The attack speed of all plasma weapons (including Plasma Grenades) is increased by 25%.
You handle animals really well when they are dead and gain a damage bonus against the living ones.
With the Bloody Mess Perk, characters and creatures you kill will often explode into a red, gut-ridden, eyeball-strewn paste. Fun! Oh, and you'll do 5% extra damage with all weapons.
You're Good Natured at heart, more prone to solving problems with your mind than violence. You gain +5 to Barter, Medicine, Repair, Science, and Speech, but have -5 to Energy Weapons, Explosives, Guns, Melee Weapons, and Unarmed.
You've faced torture at the hands of the Marked Men... now it's payback time. (+10% Damage Threshold and +10% Damage against the Marked Men)
Guns determines your effectiveness with any weapon that uses coventional ammunition (.22LR, .357 Megnum, 5mm, 10mm, 5.56mm, .308, .45-70 Gov't etc.).
Allows you to apply antivenom and stimpaks to your companions when they are poisoned.
You have equipped faction armor! If you have become the enemy of a faction, you can disguise youself by wearing one of their outfits. While disguised, members of that faction will consider you a friend.
Watch out however: if you commit a crime against a faction member, that faction will still become hostile toward you for several days, regardless of your disguise. You also won't fool anyone if you put on your disguise while being attacked!
I'm having a competition to boost morale. Bring me an ear from every Legion you kill and I'll keep track at the mess hall. Only one ear per kill!  
Shouldn't be long before the Fiends are wiped out, now that their bosses are gone.
In Shining Armor
Junk Rounds
Light Touch
Old World Gourment
And Stay Back
Heavyweight
Hobbler
Grunt
Home on the Range
Sneering Imperialist
Tribal Wisdom
Fight the Power!
Eye for Eye
Atomic!
Mile in Their Shoes
Them's Good Eatin'
Implant GRX
Alertness
Irradiated Beauty
Voracious Reader
Lessons Learned
Tunnel Runner
Roughin' It
Burden to Bear
Broad Daylight
Ain't Like That now
Just Lucky I'm Alive
Thought You Died
Mad Bomber
Minor Dehydration.
Adv. Dehydration.
Deadly Dehydration.
Critical Dehydration.
Minor Starvation.
Adv. Starvation.
Deadly Starvation.
Your Starvation level has increased.
Your Starvation level has decreased.
You no longer have Hunger sickness.
Minor Sleep Deprivation.
Adv. Sleep Deprivation.
Deadly Sleep Deprivation.
Your Sleep Deprivation level has increased.
Your Sleep Deprivation level has decreased.
You no longer have Sleep Deprivation sickness.
Dead Wastelander
Dead Mercenary
Dead Wasteland Merchant
Dead Raider
Dead Mole Rat
Dead Giant Ant
Dead Fire Ant
Dead Mirelurk
Dead Deathclaw
Dead Cazador
Dead Ghoul
Dead Feral Ghoul
Dead Legionary
Dead Boomer
Dead Brotherhood of Steel Initiate
Dead Brotherhood of Steel Knight
Dead Enclave Soldier
Dead Enclave Officer
Dead Super Mutant
Dead And Researcher
Dead Failed FEV Subject
Dead Swampfolk Creeper
Dead Pitt Slave
Dead Branchtender
Dead Gary [%]
Which limb would you like to heal?
All
Nevermind
All right, here's your caps.
Are you sure you'd like to restore all of your limbs equally?
Your Torso currently has [%] health remaining.
Your Right Leg currently has [%] health remaining.
Your Left Leg currently has [%] health remaining.
What would you like to cook?
Make
Ingredients:
Leave it alone
Fried Radroach
Roach torso fried up and ready to eat. Not very appealing to look at.
- [%] Radroach Meat
Who cares where the squirrel bits came from as long as the stew tastes good.
- [%] Crispy Squirrel Bits - [%] Dirty OR Purified Water
A lunch fit to feed a caravan. Contains assorted foods with long shelf lives.
- [%] Pork N' Beans - [%] Instamash - [%] Cram - [%] Lunchbox
Pulled 'Lurk
So soft that it practically falls apart in your mouth.
- [%] Softshell Mirelurk Meat - [%] Wine
Steamed Punga
A simple, but filling dish made out of an exotic fruit.
- [%] Wild Punga Fruit OR Refined Punga Fruit - [%] Metal Cooking Pot, Pot OR Pressure Cooker
Punga Stew
A thick, aromatic stew made from the exotic punga fruit. Said to help stave off the effects of radiation.
- [%] Wild Punga Fruit OR [%] Refined Punga Fruit - [%] Metal Cooking Pot, Pot OR Pressure Cooker
Grilled Mole Rat
A hunk of mole rat flesh grilled to smokey perfection.
- [%] Mole Rat Meat
A common wasteland meal due to how common Brahmin are.
- [%] Brahmin Meat
Ant Kebabs
Diced ant meat and crunchy mutfruit skewered by sticks and grilled until charred.
- [%] Ant Meat
- [%] Crunchy Mutfruit
A dish best reserved for those desparate for a meal.
- [%] Dog Meat
Mirelurk Claw
The claw from a mirelurk grilled until crispy.
- [%] Mirelurk Meat
Yao Guai Jerky
Tough jerky with a wine-y flavor.
- [%] Yao Guai Meat
- [%] Wine
Perception determines your accuracy with ranged weapons and detection of threats on the compass (indicated in red). A high Perception grants a bonus to the Explosives, Lockpick and Energy Weapons skills.
Charisma determines how many followers you can have in your party. Having a high Charisma will improve your companion damage and defence, and improve people's disposition towards you. It also gives bonuses to both the Barter and Speech skills.
Agility affects your move speed, and the number of Action Points available for V.A.T.S. It also affects your Small Guns and Sneak skills.
Years as the Vault little league MVP have honed your hitting and throwing. Your AP costs with melee weapons and grenades are reduced by 10%.
Everyone around you feels compelled to give you the best deal -- Take the Scoundrel perk and buying prices are discounted by 10%.
While using a pistol (or similar one-handed weapon), your accuracy in V.A.T.S. is increased by 25%.
With the Lead Belly perk, you take 50% less radiation when you drink irradiated water. You are also able to eat raw meat without suffering a loss of Strength.
With each rank of the Toughness perk, you gain +5% to overall Damage Resistance, up to the maximum of 85%.
While using a rifle (or similar two-handed weapon), your accuracy in V.A.T.S. is increased by 25%.
With Infiltrator, you're much more adept at handling locks. Bobby pins won't break as easily while lockpicking. If a lock is broken, you can attempt to pick it again one more time.
With each rank of Life Giver, you gain an additional 30 Hit Points.
You have unlocked the secret to creating Nuka-Cola Quantum. With this perk, you can take ten Nuka-Colas to a compfire and condense them into a bottle of Nuka-Cola Quantum!
When targetting an opponent's head in V.A.T.S., your accuracy and critical damage are increased by 25%.
You've made permanent enhancements to your body! The Cyborg perk instantly adds +10% to your Poison, Radiation, Fire, and Energy Resistances.
You're obsessed with really big weapons. With this perk, anything from miniguns, to missile launchers, to flamers will weigh 25% less.
The Tag! perk allows you to select a fourth Skill to be a Tag skill, allowing it to increase at twice the rate of regular skills.
You sleep deeply no matter where you are. You get the Well Rested benefit of +10% XP for eight hours, no matter what bed you sleep in, or how briefly.
With the Rad Absorption perk, your radiation level decreases by 1 every 3 seconds.
Vicious Wastes allows you to play in a new Hardcore mode that will increase the challenge of the game. In this mode, the following effects are active: * Dehydration, Starvation, and Sleep Deprivation are a constant concern. * Stimpaks heal over time and cannot be used to heal limbs. * Rad-Away removes radiation over time. * Sleeping in a bed will not restore your health or limbs. * Ammunition has weight. Would you like to activate Hardcore mode?
Yes (Recommended)
Having a high Charisma will improve people's disposition toward you, improving Reputation and making companions more effective while giving bonuses to both the Barter and Speech skills.
With the Lead Belly perk, you take 50% less radiation when consuming irradiated food and drink. You are also able to eat raw animal meat without suffering ST loss.
With the Lead Belly perk, you take 50% less radiation when consuming irradiated food and drink. You are also able to eat raw animal meat without suffering STR loss.
You're just so excited about plasma that you can't (magnetically) contain yourself! The AP costs for all plasma weapons (including Plasma Grenades) are reduced by 20%. You also attack 20% faster with the same weapons.
Gun Nut
Gun Nut ([%])
You sleep deeply no matter where you are. You get the Well Rested benefit of +20% XP for eight hours no matter what bed you sleep in.
With the Educated perk, you gain two more skill points every time you advance in level. This perk is best taken early on, to maximize its effectiveness. Can not be taken in conjunction with the Tag! perk.
In combat, you do +5% damage against female opponents. Outside of combat, you'll sometimes have access to unique dialogue options when dealing with the opposite sex.
With each rank in the Swift Learner perk, you gain an additional 10% to total Experience Points whenever Experience Points are earned. Can not be taken in conjunction with Night Person.
The Tag! perk allows you to select a fourth Skill to be a Tag skill, which instantly raises it by 20 points, Can not be taken in conjunction with the Educated perk.
Just like dear old Dad, you understand the importance of water. All types of bottled water heal double their Hit Points.
Your strong impartiality to the whims of society allows you to resist what the world throws at you. You gain +15% to Fire, Poison, and Radiation resistances...so long as you maintain a Neutral Karma level.
You're right, I should have never doubted you!
A runaway dad, huh? I've seen plenty of them before. But none with a big "101" on their back. Good luck finding him.
Maybe the Armored Vault Suit will help you out there, huh?
I know you may not want to see any more explosives for a while, but obviously you know your way around them.
Have a couple rainy-day toys of mine. And looking at this landmine, it gives me an idea. It's a terrible device that does terrible things, of course. But it's easy to make your own, too.
You got an armament supply? Want to do some trading?
You'll be wanting the reward now, won't you. I suppose you've earned it.
Well, keep what you got. Just traded for a big food shipment, myself.
Here, take a bit, my treat - they taste kind of grates after a while.
My boys are huntin' 'Lurks. Finest meat you can get, but it don't move around in your stomach like Mole Rat does.
With that much testing, I guess it's beyond correction. Oh, Go ahead and keep it. Maybe you can find a nicer use for it. But I doubt it.
The Brotherhood does its best, but sometimes it takes a little something... special. That's where the Lyons' Pride comes in.
You got a Pip-Boy. Tune into Galaxy News Radio and listen. It's the only radio station in the Capital Wasteland that really tells it like it is.
Galaxy News Radio is my baby. I love it, I feed it, I keep it changed. But there's one problem, no one outside of D.C. can hear her cry.
It's the dish off the old Virgo II Lunar Lander in the Museum of Technology.
Step outside the city limits, and it's snake city... nothing but "hissssssss."
Where's Doctor Li's lab?
I'm Doctor Madison Li. I worked with your father many years ago. Your mother as well, in fact.
The Commonwealth itself is nothing but a war-ravaged quagmire of violence and despair. Inside the sealed environment of the Institute, however...
But... the Institute's affairs are none of your concern. Your undeveloped mind couldn't even begin to comprehend what we've accomplished.
My God, I... I remember. I remember it all. From before. Zimmer. The Commonwealth. The Institute. My God, all those runners I brought down...
There was a holotape that got circulated. I think I've got a copy of it...
Yeah, here it is. Give it a listen. That's a man's voice! Hoax for sure!
Some say it was all a hoax. But it's real.
Here. Check out this holotape I found. That Commonwealth robot was real!
Please re-dress in your Vault-Tec issued Vault suit before proceeding.
We used the old Jefferson Memorial for the location, right on D.C.'s Tidal Basin. Someday soon, I hope you'll see it work.
That's why it's so important to find a G.E.C.K. as soon as possible. It's the key to Project Purity.
There had always been something of a "mutants problem" in the city, but it became worse. They attacked more frequently, and more aggressively.
Be careful, my son.
Hello, stranger. I'm Tinker Joe, premier supplier of robotic parts and service throughout the D.C. Wasteland.
I didn't want to have to do this...
You haven't lost any of your passion, have you James?
It's as important to me as ever, Madison. I know it's important to you too. Let's finish it together.
With the fuses in place, you should be able to access the mainframe. No need to come back to the control room; just head straight there.
Everyone, listen; it seems we have some visitors. I don't know who they are or what they want.
I'd like to thank you all for returning to this project after so many years. I know some of you thought; like me, that this day would never come.
I'm sorry, but that's...
What? What are you talking about? That doesn't even make sense...
James... Your father caused an overload. He sacrificed himself to keep the Enclave from getting the purifier, and to buy us some time to escape.
In all that time, all we've managed to do is to contain the threat. Hold them back, so they don't overrun every blasted settlement out here.
Initiate! You've got a lot of nerve to interrupt... Oh, my apologies, stranger. I thought you were one of these worthless Initiates.
Perk Added
Why do you think I ride these Initiates so hard? I make training hell so fighting those Uglies won't be.
It is the Scribes, the Scribes who make the Brotherhood what it truly is! The brawn is useless without the brain, hmm? He he he.
How about we skip the story and you just tell me what you want?
Does it involve caps? I really like caps. Like, a lot.
As long as there's caps involved, I'm in. Mmmm.... caps.
Caps and the promise of mysterious compensation? I'm in.
Oh, you. Of course we are. And I think I'm really capturing that snide wit of yours. So, for all your snippiness, I think it'll help with the book.
We're in the last stretch, now, so let's finish it up strong! What's first?
Ah, I do love meetings so much. I think I'll bring muffins!
Look, I know I've asked a lot of you already, but you have to find that kid... he deserves better than all this.
You're not... not here to try and steal my secrets are you?
My oh my, that would be tempting. If you were that good, maybe I'd pay you! Ha ha ha.
But don't tell Vance I said that.
If you wish to speak to Ian, you are free to do so.
Even if all of us look different on the outside, we all have had the same vice infesting our insides.
I'm afraid Vance has him in isolation and there's no way I'm going to override Vance's orders.
I've tried to use it to get whatever I need, but I've never gotten a reply.
As promised, here's the key to the ammunition box. It's right under the radio table.
Yes, I'd imagine it would fetch an incredible sum of caps to someone that was knowledgeable in muscial history.
I doubt the average merchant would even realize what they're holding.
The, um... Mechanist and the AntAgonizer. That's just what they call themselves. It's ridiculous, I know...
You mean Scott Wollinski. I refuse to call him by that ridiculous name just because his head got a screw loose.
Just stumbled into town? You sure picked a fine day for it, with the crazies out there.
Here, have a drink on the house. Welcome to Canterbury.
Oh man! Did you see it? Did you see it? The AntAgonizer was all like, "Fear me!" But the Mechanist was all, "Stop, evil-doer!"
Ever since then, he's been up on his Forge in the back of the robot shop on the hill, working to protect us all from the AntAgonizer!
I've never been anywhere else, so I can't really say, but yeah it's okay.
The Mechanist used to be our town mechanic. Scott Wollinski, quiet guy, but plenty fierce with a wrench and some solder.
Well, the world broke just like the glass. And everyone's trying to put it back together like it was, but it'll never come together the same way.
Alright sure, why not. The people have a tendency to wait until the last minute to vote, but I'd like just to get it over with.
Never mind. Just thought I'd ask.
So, what are the results?
Can you believe that you won the election?
Now are you going to give me that sweetroll, or am I going to have to give you a knuckle sandwich?
That's fine, son. I'm glad to see you're not letting Butch bully you.
Of course she likes me. I'm a really charming guy.
Are you ready for your surprise?
What kind of surprise?
Your own BB gun! It's a little old, but it should work perfectly.
You did it! You opened the door! My God, I almost didn't believe it was possible.
I couldn't have done it without your help.
When I say I'm going to do something.... I do it.
Oh, certainly, your majesty!
Then consider this Armored Vault Suit to be Megaton's gift to your mighty empire.
You'll live just long enough to regret your error in judgement.
As Requested
Sara Silver
Hey smoothskin, do you need something? A drink, maybe? Anything? Anything at all?
Gah! Fuck! What are you?
But, please! See for yourself! Come by for a drink or twelve. You and I, oh, we're going to be fast friends. Fast friends!
Oh, your daddy passed through here, all right. Here and gone. Got what he came for, and then left. I'm assuming you'll do the same, correct?
Some fellas came out here a while ago that said they was lookin' for some dogooder that came out from one of them Vaults.
Y'all come back now, y'hea'?
You watch out for 'guai! They're all over!
I hear rumors the place is full of swamps and killer plants, but I don't know about all that.
All you know of robots are those buckets of bolts -- those Mr. Handshakers and whatnot. Well... that's not ALL a robot can be.
If this android "wandered" off, why would he want a new mind and face?
Maybe.... MAYBE he didn't exactly wander off. Maybe he fled. Escaped captivity, as it were, if he began to misinterpret his "situation."
Yeah... great. They can't even keep tabs on their robots.
Aren't you afraid someone will use your own guns to rob you?
Mirelurk gives me gas. I'd rather have squirrel.
Not now. I'm busy.
Uh... maybe you should sit in the corner. I can check to see if we have any squirrel if you wish.
This probably isn't the best place for you to stand...
You think I didn't know that? I've been hiding in this place for days!
For more top of the line RobCo products, see your local Showroom.
Automated Maintenance
Running default office protocol... ERROR. Loading daily agenda... ERROR.
Here, take a bit, my treat - taste kind of grates after a while.
I still need to study a living specimen with radiation poisoning.
I need someone to research how to travel through a minefield.
Hi, I'm Maggie. I live with Billy. Billy Creel. Do you know him? He's not my dad or anything, but he takes care of me now.
How did you meet Billy?
A long, long time ago, he saved me from Raiders!
Fast hands and faster wits can get you an awful lot. Including landmines.
What do you know about the android from the Commonwealth?
Have you heard the so called "android recording?" It sounds like an ordinary man!
Here's a spare copy of that old holotape. It's a hoax for sure.
What're we standing around here for when there's plenty of action around?
What is it, mister?
What happened here?
Doctor Lesko's Shack
He's... he's dead?
I'll stop whatever started this, I promise you.
Why don't you just forget about it and clear on out of here?
Fine, I'll take care of everything.
I may be able to correct this error, but I can't get near my equipment.
Thanks for not attacking us. Most people don't tolerate Ghouls.
It's a city of Ghouls. It's the only place in the Wasteland that belongs to our kind.
Whew! I thought I was a goner. You saved my life.
Vera, your nephew Bryan lost his folks and needs a place to live.
I suspect that he is making a stand inside of that building, but an Initiate won't be able to stand for long against those Mutants.
Chinese Remnant Soldier
Chinese Remnant Captain
Chinese Remnant Sergeant
Chinese Remnant Officer
Falls Church/Mason Dst Metro
Arlington/Falls Church Metro
Falls Church
Lead on. We will ensure your safe passage through Falls Church.
We cannot offer you much in return, but know that you may travel through Falls Church under our protection.
Until next time, this is Three Dog, awoooo, and you're listening to Galaxy News Radio, Bringing you the truth, no matter how bad it hurts.
What's up Wastelanders? This is Three Dog, wow wow, and you're listening to GNR! That's Galaxy News Radio, in case you forgot...
Thanks for listening, children. This is Three Dog, awooooo, and you're listening to Galaxy News Radio. We're Radio Free Wasteland, and we're here... for you.
Seems we've got, dalalala, a bit of news. Just listen to this.
Now what if I, the all-powerful Three Dog, wow wow wow, were to tell you that somewhere right here in the Capital Wasteland, theres a place with LOTS of trees.
Dad says it could be worse; that there are a lot of starving kids in other places. But still, I wish I had more kids to play with.
The same things that all parents do! My mom cooks and cleans the house and my dad goes to work with Mr. Wilson.
He keeps saying stuff to my mom about keeping the family going, and how when him and Mr. Wilson were brothers, they didn't want to get married.
I've been thinking quite a bit lately about something we can all relate to, something that is unquestionably, inescapably... American.
And it's good to meet you too! Feel free to stay in Andale as long as you'd like. Heck, stop by the house for dinner sometime if you like.
Can't you tell the difference between me and a feral? Fine. I'll show you the goddamn difference! Just you wait! You'll get yours. All of you!
Oh yeah? Is he expecting you? Well then, run along. It's not wise to keep Roy waiting. Has a bit of a temper that one. You watch yourself.
Tenpenny and his pack of elitist wannabes are in for a real treat soon enough. They can't keep us out of that tower forever.
Ah... Never mind.
We've got rights. And we'll take them if they aren't given to us.
Ghouls aren't built for luxury and comfort, is that it? You think Ghouls belong scurrying around in the dark dank underbelly of the Wasteland?
We tried playing nice, but they shot at us. Fuck 'em. It's time for them and their bigot ways to die.
What's your interest in all this?
Nope, I still don't get it.
So, let's buckle down and get to work on this chapter. What's first?
Kid, out here cocky will get you killed. I've seen a Super Mutant strike squad like that take down five well armed soldiers.
But fine, next time you want to take them on yourself and buy yourself an early retirement, go right ahead.
Three Dog is the man in charge. He keeps that signal broadcasting, pretty much single handedly. He's um... interesting. I'll give him that much.
There's people out there trying to just barely make it from day to day. Fighting to stay alive and make something out of what they got.
Since you know all about this cause, no need to explain the effect. Let's get you on your way.
Slave Map
Hellooooo Capital Wasteland! This is Three Dog, awoooo, coming to you loud and proud from Galaxy News Radio.
And here's... me! Hahaha. With the news.
And least they have the common courtesy to miss most of the time. Still... bigots.
That's right. As long as you don't bother us, we won't bother you. Feel free to come and go, trade, sleep, whatever.
We've got a nice little deal going down here. We'd like to keep it nice.
What sort of payment are we talking about?
I found a big box of copies of the book in one of the back rooms.
Here, take one. Nobody around here wants 'em.
Bugger off, ye bastards bugger off... ye'll get nae more this evenin'... how's it go?
I'm...  shit... I forget.
I'm afraid she's going to be out for a while. She's not well at all.
She hasn't been conscious since they brought her in a few days ago.
Well, I'm going to make them pay. Uh... before I get into the details, you don't have anything against killing do you?
I don't give away anything for free. Besides, it's obviously worth something to you.
Yeah, what is it- Oh! Oh my! Someone new! I'm so sorry, you must think I'm terribly rude! Welcome! Welcome to Carol's Place! I'm Carol.
I wish I knew more about America.
What's goin' on here, kid? I thought you were some sort of badass.
This is the part where you tell me what the hell you are doing bothering an old man who obviously wants to be left alone... Get on with it already!
Doc
Never mind. You need a drink. Cherry! I'm thirsty over here!
I come from the Land of the Mirelurks! They demand you surrender the Republic!
A talking Super Mutant? What's next, a dog on a bicycle?
Just go inside and find one of their spawning pods, probably down near the water.
Put this observer inside, and get out quietly. And be sure not to kill any Mirelurks inside their nest! If you do, it could ruin the validity of the study!
Practically speak robot, do you? As long as you don't write it in all ones and zeroes, then I guess it'll be fine. Thanks!
In fact, here: just in case your expertise fails you, a few pulse grenades, and my old science textbook. Enjoy!
Well, yes, but it was hardly any place of importance until I arrived on the scene. That's all ancient history now. No one would ever care about it.
This place is a real dump.
That lasted until about 18 years ago, when those ambitious backbiters like Li and her little team showed up.
Oh my... It's brilliant! Even I'm astounded by my genius! Oh no no, it's more than that. By OUR genius!
But now, the very first copy of our book goes to you. It wouldn't nearly be as good without your input. You're the real Wasteland survival guru!
The only difference between us is that I'm bringing home the bacon for my family.
Tortoiseshell Glasses
We'll do our best, is what we'll do. Me and the kids here in Andale... what's left of it, anyway.
Now what if I, the all-powerful Three Dog, wow wow wow, were to tell you that somewhere right here in the Capital Wasteland, there's a place with LOTS of trees.
That wasn't the plan. I suppose I have to pay for the key anyway though.
Thanks, you're not so bad yourself.
What will it be then? Rapiers? Pistols at dawn? Out with it!
Look me up in the Underworld if you ever need me. I usually hang there since the Ghouls don't hit on me all the time.
Gray Head Wrap
No way. If they were, you'd be staring at a burned out ghost town. I think the Family are just a bunch of punks.
Sigh. Look... you can call me crazy if you want but there is something odd about those creeps.
Don't you have some houses to be checking?
Oh, this is all I needed right now. What am I going to do? They'll keep coming back until all of us are dead!
Richter
Yeah... I know, I could really get this little shithole going if I had some better stuff.
I need you to repair my weapons.
That would be where you're wrong, By locking down this Vault, I'm protecting its future.
I won't risk all of our lives just for a few people's passing fancy of taking a Wasteland vacation. I hope you can understand that.
There you are!
I'm afraid I can't abide by that. I can't imagine Tenpenny would allow it. But I certainly won't.
You got any caps? I'll escort you to Big Town, but it'll cost you.
Only people under 18 get to live in Little Lamplight.
So, when you're done with those little kids, we can go to Big Town together! I'll wait outside for you.
Bah! I thought you were more interesting than that.
Fine. But you better not get caught with that!
Rockbreaker's Last Gas
Ha! Good plan. I'll try to get around behind 'em. I like how you think, kid.
Bandit
She used to take care of me. She liked my company guarding. She liked it when I used to tell jokes.
Turn in the FEV virus over to Elder Lyons.
Infect the Project Purity water supply.
Hey kiddies, this is Three Dog, wow wow -- your voice in the darkness. Or... at least, the radiation.
Aqua Pura Crate
Well, that depends on who you ask.
Tell me the whole story.
Butcher, our team medic, has always suspected something's is in the area they are looking for or being attracted to.
Fear not, my poor lost flock! Hahaha. For the Shepherd of Vault 101 has come to guide you to the promised land! Maybe. Listen to this.
Oh no no! Little baby scared?
That's a relief. I told her she was nuts when she decided to try to sneak out of here. Guess I was wrong. Now, let's talk about getting out of here.
I almost got everyone killed in Vernon Square. What kind of a responsible leader does that? It was one bad decision after another.
I dragged myself here from Lamplight. I didn't believe all the stories about Big Town, but I wasn't about to let everyone else go there without me.
Right. Of course. Rescuing me was a job to you, and you're a real professional.
Well, here you go. I wish I had more I could give you.
Brown Head Wrap
I found Slavers guarding the Memorial. They're all gone now.
Have you heard about that new cult? They took our water!
Here, read this. It's one of their pamphlets.
Holy Water
Novice
Officer Lapelletier
I suppose I don't really need it pushing papers around here, do I?
Alright. Consider it an advance on your payment. You better not disappoint.
Oh, and put this on. We're a gang. We all wear the same uniform.
He loves me! He really loves me! Now I bet he'll ask me to get married.
I suppose that could work... yes. Yes.
here's the contract. And I'll take my payment in full.
Oh... oh my god. That's his voice! It's really him!
I'd like to buy some ammo from you.
Bullets! Stimpaks! Armor! Weapons! Junk! If you need it, Madam Panada has already anticipated your need and procured it months ago!
I thought so. Those things do carry a smell, don't they?
Let me take 'em off your hands, then.
Swamplurk Queen
Coffin
Good things, sweetie. Tonic's brewed and bottled.
Here's your pay and cut of the batch. Enjoy it!
Familiar Piece of Brain
Upon recovering your piece of mind, you've learned to protect what matters.
You now take less damage to your head.
They attacked while I slept.  I... I don't expect to survive. I only pray that you haven't taken that book to Obadiah. You must take up my mission.
Plik's Safari
I found some of it. Some was here when I got here. I get some from them mercs.
Yes, thank you so much! And now that she's got this boat and carrying all this cargo...
well, I can afford to actually pay you! Thank you so much!
Oasis Exile Coordinates
Fort Constantine Warhead Storage Key
I've never seen anyplace like this.
They listen when I talk, but they don't hear... you know what I mean?
Oh no, no, no, no, no. It wouldn't be murder. You'd be doing me a favor.
Oh no no, don't worry about them. When you decide to go down there, I'll have a little chat with Birch and the rest of the gang.
They usually don't understand a word I say, but I'll make em' come around.
Just, just, think about it, okay?
Oh, no no no no no no no! Fire would be too painful for me and poor old Bob. You keep that stuff away from us!
Yeah, leave it to good old Bob to get me stuck above some caves. Now my dang feet are cold!
In the meantime, I have these Treeminders bothering me every day about things I don't even care about. and I can't stand it anymore.
Hey, hey, hey, I thought that too... at first.
It's kinda... embarrassing really. Once a year, Bob decides he's going to go ahead and start growing these weird pods filled with tiny seeds.
So, it looks like you decided to do things their way huh. How come?
Should we give em' another chance, Herbert?
Fine, fine... I mean Bob. I still think it's funny when I call him Herbert.
Battle Ant
Battle Robot
I'm mayor of Canterbury Commons, think of me as your own Uncle Roe.
And take this, as our thanks for cleaning up the town.
[Dashwood] Just over here! This large boulder! And now... the secret knock.  And... voila!
Bethesda Offices Safe Key
